not all personal data processed by microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. if you want to access or control personal data processed by microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the microsoft products you use, you can always contact microsoft at the address in the how to contact us section or by using our web form.
productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
we share your personal data with your consent or to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. we also share data with microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries; with vendors working on our behalf; when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to protect lives; to maintain the security of our products; and to protect the rights and property of microsoft and its customers.
microsoft adheres to the principles of the eu-u.s. and swiss-u.s. privacy shield frameworks. to learn more, visit the u.s. department of commerce’s privacy shield website.
provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. it also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
the enterprise and developer products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
most microsoft sites use cookies, small text files placed on your device which web servers in the domain that placed the cookie can retrieve later. we use cookies to store your preferences and settings, help with sign-in, provide targeted ads, and analyze site operations. for more information, see the cookies and similar technologies section of this privacy statement.
microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products. you provide some of this data directly, and we get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experiences with our products. the data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with microsoft and the choices you make, including your privacy settings and the products and features you use. we also obtain data about you from third parties.
if you sign into a service offered by a third party with your microsoft account, you will share with that third party the account data required by that service.
you can also learn more about our enterprise and developer products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
when you create your own microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a personal microsoft account.
if you use a microsoft product or use an email address to access microsoft products and that product or email address was provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as an employer or school, that organization can:
general. when a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to enterprise and developer products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, microsoft collects data to provide the service (including uses compatible with providing the service), provide the best experiences with our products, operate our business, and communicate with the customer. for example:
you have a variety of tools to control the data collected by cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. for example, you can use controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies and to withdraw your consent by clearing or blocking cookies.
control and administer your microsoft product and product account, including controlling privacy-related settings of the product or product account.
microsoft health services collect and use your data to provide the services, which includes improving and personalizing your experiences. health data you provide to microsoft through microsoft health services is not combined with data from other microsoft services, or used for other purposes without your explicit consent. for example, microsoft does not use your health record data to market or advertise to you without your opt-in consent.
