another way to prevent search leakage is by using something called a post request, which has the effect of not showing your search in your browser, and, as a consequence, does not send it to other sites. you can turn on post requests on our settings page, but it has its own issues. post requests usually break browser back buttons, and they make it impossible for you to easily share your search by copying and pasting it out of your web browser's address bar.
other search engines save your search history. usually your searches are saved along with the date and time of the search, some information about your computer (e.g. your ip address, user agent and often a unique identifier stored in a browser cookie), and if you are logged in, your account information (e.g. name and email address).
in addition, when you visit any site, your computer automatically sends information about it to that site (including your user agent and ip address). this information can often be used to identify you directly.
similarly, we may add an affiliate code to some ecommerce sites (e.g. amazon & ebay) that results in small commissions being paid back to duckduckgo when you make purchases at those sites. we do not use any third parties to do the code insertion, and we do not work with any sites that share personally identifiable information (e.g. name, address, etc.) via their affiliate programs. this means that no information is shared from duckduckgo to the sites, and the only information that is collected from this process is product information, which is not tied to any particular user and which we do not save or store on our end. it is completely analogous to the search result case from the previous paragraph--we can see anonymous product info such that we cannot tie them to any particular person (or even tie multiple purchases together). this whole affiliate process is an attempt to keep advertising to a minimal level on duckduckgo.
duckduckgo does not collect or share personal information. that is our privacy policy in a nutshell. the rest of this page tries to explain why you should care.
with only the timestamp and computer information, your searches can often be traced directly to you. with the additional account information, they are associated directly with you.
