people will only build community on facebook if they feel safe. we employ dedicated teams around the world and develop advanced technical systems to detect misuse of our products, harmful conduct towards others, and situations where we may be able to help support or protect our community. if we learn of content or conduct like this, we will take appropriate action - for example, offering help, removing content, blocking access to certain features, disabling an account, or contacting law enforcement. we share data with other facebook companies when we detect misuse or harmful conduct by someone using one of our products.


we help you find and connect with people, groups, businesses, organizations, and others that matter to you across the facebook products you use. we use the data we have to make suggestions for you and others - for example, groups to join, events to attend, pages to follow or send a message to, shows to watch, and people you may want to become friends with. stronger ties make for better communities, and we believe our services are most useful when people are connected to people, groups, and organizations they care about.


to operate our global service, we need to store and distribute content and data in our data centers and systems around the world, including outside your country of residence. this infrastructure may be operated or controlled by facebook, inc., facebook ireland limited, or its affiliates.


we want people to use facebook to express themselves and to share content that is important to them, but not at the expense of the safety and well-being of others or the integrity of our community. you therefore agree not to engage in the conduct described below (or to facilitate or support others in doing so):


specifically, when you share, post, or upload content that is covered by intellectual property rights (like photos or videos) on or in connection with our products, you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, and worldwide license to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate, and create derivative works of your content (consistent with your privacy and application settings). this means, for example, that if you share a photo on facebook, you give us permission to store, copy, and share it with others (again, consistent with your settings) such as service providers that support our service or other facebook products you use.


we use and develop advanced technologies - such as artificial intelligence, machine learning systems, and augmented reality - so that people can use our products safely regardless of physical ability or geographic location. for example, technology like this helps people who have visual impairments understand what or who is in photos or videos shared on facebook or instagram. we also build sophisticated network and communication technology to help more people connect to the internet in areas with limited access. and we develop automated systems to improve our ability to detect and remove abusive and dangerous activity that may harm our community and the integrity of our products.


if we determine that you have violated our terms or policies, we may take action against your account to protect our community and services, including by suspending access to your account or disabling it. we may also suspend or disable your account if you create risk or legal exposure for us or when we are permitted or required to do so by law. where appropriate, we will notify you about your account the next time you try to access it. you can learn more about what you can do if your account has been disabled.


permission to use your name, profile picture, and information about your actions with ads and sponsored content: you give us permission to use your name and profile picture and information about actions you have taken on facebook next to or in connection with ads, offers, and other sponsored content that we display across our products, without any compensation to you. for example, we may show your friends that you are interested in an advertised event or have liked a page created by a brand that has paid us to display its ads on facebook. ads like this can be seen only by people who have your permission to see the actions you've taken on facebook. you can learn more about your ad settings and preferences.


permission to update software you use or download: if you download or use our software, you give us permission to download and install upgrades, updates, and additional features to improve, enhance, and further develop it.


