the flickr pro services are available to users (i) who register for a free trial (when available) or for a subscription to the flickr pro services (“subscription”) and (ii) who pay in full the subscription fees (“subscription fees”) applicable to the level of subscription selected by such user (the “subscription plan”). if you wish to purchase a subscription, we will ask you to provide certain information in order to facilitate such purchase, including your credit card number, billing address and any related payment information as required by flickr (collectively, “payment information”). flickr may use a third party payment processor (e.g., amazon payments or paypal) to facilitate your payment of any subscription fees. any payment information that you provide will be governed by the terms of our privacy policy. by submitting payment information via the services, you warrant that you have the legal right to use any such credit card or other payment mechanism that you provide to facilitate the transaction.


you acknowledge that the amount of the recurring charge at the time of subscription renewal may differ from the subscription fees you originally paid for the flickr pro services if: (i) the subscription fee for your subscription plan changes during your applicable subscription term, or (ii) if you change your subscription plan or subscription term during the previous subscription term. flickr will notify you of any changes to the subscription fee prior to the date on which your subscription term will renew. you hereby agree to any such revised subscription fees and your sole remedy if you disagree with such changes is to terminate your account and stop using the flickr pro services.


smugmug may provide users with tools to download the marks via the services. if you download or otherwise obtain the marks using such tools, smugmug grants you a limited right to (i) use the marks for the sole purpose of referencing the services and (ii) to use only those marks that are made available to you by smugmug through such tools. your use of any marks must be consistent with the size, dimensions, color and other characteristics of the marks and consistent with any other policies concerning the marks that we may post on the site or otherwise make available through the services from time to time. you may not (i) alter or change the appearance of the marks, (ii) use the marks in any manner that suggests smugmug sponsors or endorses a product, service, promotion, contest, or (iii) use the marks for any other purpose deemed by smugmug to be inappropriate. smugmug has the right to revoke your right to use the marks at any time at our sole discretion.


with the exception of user content made available by users for download, the downloading of any portion of the flickr materials or any information contained therein; or


if you purchase a video or photo download, such download will be made available to you through the services upon flickr’s receipt of your valid payment information.


the services may contain third party advertisements and promotions generated or posted by other users of the services, flickr vendors or other third party service providers.


we use commercially reasonable security measures to protect your account and user content consistent with your account settings. we cannot, however, guarantee absolute security of your account, your user content or the registration data we collect, and we cannot promise that our security measures will prevent third party “hackers” from illegally accessing the services or their contents. flickr is not responsible or liable for any third party access to or use of the user content you post or your registration data. you are encouraged to read, understand and use the security settings and mechanisms in your account settings to manage how your user content is accessed and used by the public and other users of the services. you agree to immediately notify flickr of any unauthorized use of your account or passwords or any other breach of security, and you accept all risks of unauthorized access to the registration data, user content and any other information you provide to flickr.


identify the material that you claim is infringing (or to be the subject of infringing activity) and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material, including at a minimum, if applicable, the url of the link shown on the services where such material may be found.


we welcome feedback from our users regarding ideas and suggestions for improvements to the site, services and products. smugmug will be entitled to use any such feedback without restriction, even if you designate such feedback as confidential. you hereby grant smugmug a royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable license in and to any feedback to use in any matter related to the operation of our business.


smugmug does not represent or warrant that the flickr materials or the services are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free or that the services, its servers or email sent from smugmug or the services are free of viruses or other harmful components. smugmug is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions relating to pricing, text, photos or videos. smugmug also makes no representation or warranty regarding the availability, reliability or security of the services and will not be liable for any unauthorized access to or any modification, suspension, unavailability, or discontinuance of the services or the products provided thereon.


when you first register for the flickr pro services, flickr may offer you the ability to use the flickr pro services without charge for a limited trial period (a “free trial”). the duration of a free trial will be the number of days specified by flickr at the time of your registration for such free trial. you need to provide flickr (or our applicable third party payment processor) with valid payment information and select a subscription plan in order to register for a free trial. at the conclusion of your free trial, you will be charged for the subscription fee applicable to your selected subscription plan unless you elect to cancel your flickr pro services account prior to the expiration of your free trial. flickr may offer you the ability to register for a subscription directly without the need to participate in a free trial.


private information of any third party, including, without limitation: addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, social security numbers and credit card numbers;


