v. transfer the software, any software licenses, or any rights to access or use the services;
b. your billing account. to pay the charges for a service, you will be asked to provide a payment method at the time you sign up for that service. you can access and change your billing information and payment method on the microsoft account management website and for skype by signing into your account portal at  additionally, you agree to permit microsoft to use any updated account information regarding your selected payment method provided by your issuing bank or the applicable payment network. you agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and payment method details, so we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed in connection with your transactions. changes made to your billing account will not affect charges we submit to your billing account before we could reasonably act on your changes to your billing account.
l. payments to you. if we owe you a payment, then you agree to timely and accurately provide us with any information we need to get that payment to you. you are responsible for any taxes and charges you may incur as a result of this payment to you. you must also comply with any other conditions we place on your right to any payment. if you receive a payment in error, we may reverse or require return of the payment. you agree to cooperate with us in our efforts to do this. we may also reduce the payment to you without notice to adjust for any previous overpayment.
viii. gamertag expiration. you must sign into xbox services at least once in a five-year period, otherwise you may lose access to the gamertag associated with your account and that gamertag may become available for use by others.
c. make more copies of the application than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation.
i. personal noncommercial use. xbox live, games for windows live and microsoft studios games, applications, services and content provided by microsoft (collectively, the "xbox services") are only for your personal and noncommercial use.
d. so that you can use material protected with digital rights management (drm), like some music, games, movies, books and more, drm software may automatically contact an online rights server and download and install drm updates.
ii. microsoft band. microsoft band device and application are not medical devices and are intended for fitness and wellness purposes only. they are not designed or intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease or other conditions. microsoft is not responsible for any decision you make based on information you receive from microsoft band.
b. we strive to keep the services up and running; however, all online services suffer occasional disruptions and outages, and microsoft is not liable for any disruption or loss you may suffer as a result. in the event of an outage, you may not be able to retrieve your content or data that you’ve stored. we recommend that you regularly backup your content and data that you store on the services or store using third-party apps and services.
vi. use the services in any unauthorized way that could interfere with anyone else’s use of them or gain access to any service, data, account, or network;
ii. disassemble, decompile, decrypt, hack, emulate, exploit, or reverse engineer any software or other aspect of the services that is included in or accessible through the services, except and only to the extent that the applicable copyright law expressly permits doing so;
m. gift cards. redemption and use of gift cards (other than skype gift cards) are governed by the microsoft gift card terms and conditions. information on skype gift cards is available on skype’s help page.
b. reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the application, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation.
c. additional equipment/data plans. to use many of the services, you’ll need an internet connection and/or data/cellular plan. you might also need additional equipment, like a headset, camera or microphone. you are responsible for providing all connections, plans, and equipment needed to use the services and for paying the fees charged by the provider(s) of your connections, plans, and equipment. those fees are in addition to any fees you pay us for the services and we will not reimburse you for such fees. check with your provider(s) to determine if there are any such fees that may apply to you.
you may not use any of the dow jones indexessm, index data, or the dow jones marks in connection with the issuance, creation, sponsorship, trading, marketing, or promotion of any financial instruments or investment products (for example, derivatives, structured products, investment funds, exchange-traded funds, investment portfolios, etc., where the price, return and/or performance of the instrument or investment product is based on, related to, or intended to track any of the indexes or a proxy for any of the indexes) without a separate written agreement with dow jones.
a. united states and canada. if you acquired the application in the united states or canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims) regardless of conflict of law principles.
vii. software updates. for any device that can connect to xbox services, we may automatically check your version of xbox console software or the xbox app software and download xbox console or xbox app software updates or configuration changes, including those that prevent you from accessing the xbox services, using unauthorized xbox games or xbox apps, or using unauthorized hardware peripheral devices with an xbox console.
