use the paytm services in a manner that paytm or any payment card network reasonably believe to be an abuse of the payment card system or a violation of payment card network rules;


live purchase price of gold will be displayed on the platform and is subject to change from time to time. at the time you make request for redemption / sell-back, the value of gold / quantity of gold to be redeemed / sold back will be displayed based on live sell-back price of gold. the live purchase price of gold and live sell-back price of gold may vary and also may be be different from that available in the open market and/or in any other retail outlet. your offer may be rejected irrespective of whether an item has been earmarked/wish listed by a customer. in such an event if you still wish to offer to purchase gold or sell-back residual fractional gold, you may make another offer at the changed price. mmtc-pamp disclaims any and all claims and/or liabilities arising from such non acceptance of offer or revision in prices.


paytm, through the paytm platform makes available, content/listings/bookings offered by the aggregators either directly and/or through its merchants/vendors. availing such bookings/listings will be subject to the terms of offer for sale and such other additional terms, if any, as specified by such aggregator.


the clarity, readability, accuracy and promptness of providing the sms/e-mail alert/push notification service depend on many factors including the infrastructure and connectivity of the service provider. paytm shall not be responsible for any non-delivery, delayed delivery or distortion of the alert in any way whatsoever.


upon termination of this agreement, any provision which, by its nature or express terms should survive, will survive such termination or expiration as applied to transfers and relationship prior to such termination or expiration.


use of information: by accepting t&cs in general including the ssoid terms and the marketplace terms, you accept that paytm may send alerts to the mobile phone number/ e-mail address provided by you while registering for the paytm service/paytm platform or to any such number/e-mail address replaced and informed by you subsequently.


forge headers or manipulate identifiers or other data in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the paytm platform or to manipulate your presence on the paytm platform;


paytm may send alerts to the mobile phone number provided by you while registering with the paytm platform for the ssoid service or on any updated mobile number subsequently provided by you on the paytm platform, or via e-mail or push notifications. the alerts will be received in case of sms, only if the mobile phone is in ‘on’ mode to receive the sms, in case of e-mail, only if the e-mail servers and e-mail ids are functional, and in case of push notifications, if the user has enabled the receipt of such notifications. if the mobile phone is in ‘off’ mode or if the e-mail servers or ids are not functional or if the push-notifications feature has been turned off, then you may not get the alert at all or get delayed messages.


mmtc-pamp shall not be liable / responsible, in any manner whatsoever, for any loss / liability arising out of or relating to any technical failure / issue in platform and / or acts / omission not attributable to mmtc-pamp.


live purchase price of gold displayed on paytm platform is subject to change from time to time. the live purchase price of gold and live sell-back price of gold may vary and also may be different from that available in the open market and/or in any other retail outlet. at the time customer makes a request for redemption / sell-back, the value of gold / quantity of gold to be redeemed / sold back will be displayed based on live sell-back price of gold.


payment for the purchase of the gold as per the instruction will be accepted only through card registered and/or selected (as the case may be) by the customer at the time of registration of the instructions on the paytm platform. at the time of purchase / redemption / sale-back / transfer of gold, the relevant taxes will be chargeable as applicable as per the government regulations.


modify, adapt, translate or create derivative works based upon the paytm services and the paytm platform or any part thereof, except and only to the extent that that this is permissible by applicable law;


reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of as regards paytm services or paytm platform or any part thereof, except and only to the extent this is expressly permissible by applicable law;


paytm may call the mobile phone number provided by you while registering with the paytm platform, or any updated mobile number subsequently provided by you on the paytm platform, or contact you via e-mail, for the purpose of collecting feedback from you regarding your travel bookings, including but not limited to the bus facilities and/or services of the bus operator.


paytm will not responsible for any loss, damage or injury sustained by the customer at the theme park/water park/amusement park premises or any other similar establishment for which ticket(s) were purchased through the paytm platform;


intentionally interfere with or damage operation of the paytm services or the paytm platform or any other user’s enjoyment of it, by any means, including uploading or otherwise disseminating viruses, adware, spyware, worms, or other malicious code or file with contaminating or destructive features;


at the time of redemption in physical deliverable product form, the customer will be required to pay additional manufacturing and delivery charges and applicable taxes on the same. the redeemable product selected from the catalogue for delivery shall be subject to availability of stock with the mmtc-pamp.


use any device, software or routine to bypass the paytm platform’s robot exclusion headers, or interfere or attempt to interfere, with the paytm services;


cancellation policy: passengers are expected to read the ticket cancellation policy carefully. tickets will be cancelled as per the cancellation policy linked with the ticket. the transaction charges will not be refunded in the event of ticket cancellation.


by booking a ticket on the paytm platform, you agree and undertake to adhere to and comply with the terms and conditions of respective merchants in respect of all the bookings made by you for the tickets through the paytm platform;


refuse to cooperate in an investigation or provide confirmation of your identity or any other information provide by you to paytm;


at the time of redemption in physical deliverable product form, the customer will pay additional manufacturing and delivery charges and applicable taxes on the same. the redeemable product selected from the catalogue for delivery shall be subject to availability of stock with the mmtc-pamp.


