have the information you provided to us sent to another organization, where we hold this information with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you, where it's technically feasible.
our wholly owned subsidiaries and affiliates. if we were to engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganisation, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this policy, we would share your information with a party involved in such a process (for example, a potential purchaser).
anyone can see the public boards and pins you create and the profile information you give us. we also make this public information available through what are called apis (basically a technical way to share information quickly). for example, a partner can study what their most popular pins are or how their pins are being shared on pinterest by using a pinterest api. some of the ways we use your information require us to share information with third parties, so we can provide your pinterest experience, make sure our customization is effective and comply with laws that apply to us. we share your information with:
merchants you purchase from on pinterest. when you buy something on pinterest using your payment card, we share information necessary for you to make your purchase, such as your payment card information, contact information, and other information about the transaction with the merchant you’re buying from. for example, if you buy something on pinterest using apple pay, your card number isn’t shared with the merchant, but we still share contact and transaction information. we share this information because it’s necessary to make the purchase. the merchants treat this information in the same way as if you had made a purchase from their website directly, which means that their privacy policies and marketing policies apply to the information we share with them. for more information on what we share with merchants, see our help center.
third party companies or individuals that we employ to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with this privacy policy. for example, we share payment card information with the payment companies we use to store your payment information. we also share data with security consultants to help us get better at identifying spam. some information we acquire may be collected by third party providers on our behalf.
you also have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access pinterest. for example:
