bots added to groups can operate in two modes: with access to messages in the group or without access. if the bot has access to messages, it can see everything that happens in the group. the interface clearly shows whether or not a bot has access to messages in groups.
this privacy policy explains the following:
this privacy policy sets out how we, telegram messenger inc. (“telegram”), use and protect your personal data that you provide to us, or that is otherwise obtained or generated by us, in connection with your use of our cloud-based messaging services (the “services”). for the purposes of this privacy policy, ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ refers to telegram, and ‘you’ refers to you, the user of the services.
you can always stop syncing contacts or delete them from our servers in settings > privacy & security > data settings.
bots will obviously get your messages when you send them something.
the legal basis for processing your personal data;
we don't use your data to show you ads.
by pressing buttons in messages sent by a bot.
to make it easier for your contacts and other people to reach you and recognize who you are, the screen name you choose, your profile pictures, and your username (should you choose to set one) on telegram are always public. we don't want to know your real name, gender, age or what you like.
we do not require your screen name to be your real name. note that users who have you in their contacts will see you by the name they saved and not by your screen name. this way your mother can have the public name ‘johnny depp’ while appearing as ‘mom’ to you and as ‘boss’ to her underlings at work (or the other way around, depending on how these relationships are structured).
telegram has two fundamental principles when it comes to collecting and processing private data:
unless stated otherwise in this privacy policy, the personal data that you provide us will only be stored for as long as it is necessary for us to fulfill our obligations in respect of the provision of the services.
you can clear all payment information associated with your account at any time by going to telegram settings > privacy & security > data settings and selecting ‘clear payment & shipping info’. if you choose to remove your payment information, we will delete your stored shipping info and payment tokens from all providers and ask the payment providers to remove your credit card information that they store.
what we may use your personal data for;
when you send photos, videos or files via secret chats, before being uploaded, each item is encrypted with a separate key, not known to the server. this key and the file’s location are then encrypted again, this time with the secret chat’s key — and sent to your recipient. they can then download and decipher the file. this means that the file is technically on one of telegram’s servers, but it looks like a piece of random indecipherable garbage to everyone except for you and the recipient. we don’t know what this random data stands for and we have no idea which particular chat it belongs to. we periodically purge this random data from our servers to save disk space.
the only cookies we use are those to operate and provide our services on the web. we do not use cookies for profiling or advertising. the cookies we use are small text files that allow us to provide and customize our services, and in doing so provide you with an enhanced user experience. your browser should allow you to control these cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. you may choose to block cookies with your web browser, however, if you do disable these cookies you will not be able to log in to telegram web.
if you would like to delete your account, you can do this on the deactivation page. deleting your account removes all messages, media, contacts and every other piece of data you store in the telegram cloud. this action must be confirmed via your telegram account and cannot be undone.
we store your up-to-date contacts in order to notify you as soon as one of your contacts signs up for telegram and to properly display names in notifications. we only need the number and name (first and last) for this to work and store no other data about your contacts.
important changes made to this privacy policy will be notified to you via telegram.
due to the fact that telegram doesn't store any credit card details or transaction information, it is impossible for us to handle complaints or cashbacks – any disputed payments are the responsibility of the bot developers, payment providers, and banks that participated in the exchange.
due to the fact that telegram doesn't store any credit card details or transaction information, it is impossible for us to handle complaints or cashbacks – any disputed payments are the responsibility of the bot developers, payment providers, and banks that participated in the exchange.
you can send data to bot developers when you interact with their bots in one of these ways:
by sending messages to a bot.
by using an inline bot.
telegram is a cloud service. we will process your data to deliver your cloud chat history, including messages, media and files, to any devices of your choosing without a need for you to use third-party backups or cloud storage.
by participating in a group with a bot.
when you enter shipping information in the process of placing an order, we send it directly to the merchant bot developer. we can store your shipping information for you if you choose to save it for future purchases. we will delete this information immediately if you ask us to.
other users of our services with whom you choose to communicate with and share certain information, who may be located outside the eea. note that by entering into the terms of service and choosing to communicate with such other users of telegram, you are instructing us to transfer your personal data, on your behalf, to those users in accordance with this privacy policy. we employ all appropriate technical and organizational measures (including encryption of your personal data) to ensure a level of security for your personal data that is appropriate to the risk.
who your personal data may be shared with; and
what personal data we may collect from you;
other than our own bots, no other bots or third-party bot developers are affiliated with telegram. they are completely independent from us. they should ask you for your permission before they access your data or you make it available to them.
we will review and may update this privacy policy from time to time. any changes to this privacy policy will become effective when we post the revised privacy policy on this page www.telegram.org/privacy. please check our website frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy, a summary of which we will set out below.
your rights regarding your personal data.
if telegram receives a court order that confirms you're a terror suspect, we may disclose your ip address and phone number to the relevant authorities. so far, this has never happened. when it does, we will include it in a semiannual transparency report published at: 
telegram uses phone numbers as unique identifiers so that it is easy for you to switch from sms and other messaging apps and retain your social graph. we ask your permission before syncing your contacts.
in secret chats, deleting a message always instructs the app on the other end to delete it too.
telegram privacy policy
how we keep your personal data safe;
telegram has an api that allows third-party developers to create bots. bots are apps that look like special telegram users: you can talk to them from your chats list, add them to groups or use a special “inline” interface to access their features. by performing any of these actions, you will be sending some of your data to the respective third-party bot developers.
we only store the data that telegram needs to function as a secure and feature-rich messaging service.
sadly, if you‘re generally not ok with telegram’s modest requirements, it won't be possible for us to provide you with our services. you can delete your telegram account by proceeding to the deactivation page.
if you signed up for telegram from the uk or the eea, your data is stored in data centers in the netherlands. these are third-party provided data centers in which telegram rents a designated space. however, the servers and networks that sit inside these data centers and on which your personal data is stored are owned by telegram. as such, we do not share your personal data with such data centers. all data is stored heavily encrypted so that local telegram engineers or physical intruders cannot get access.
our automatic algorithms can also use anonymized sets of phone numbers to calculate the average number of potential contacts an unregistered phone number may have on telegram. when you open the ‘invite friends’ interface, we display the resulting statistics next to your contacts to give you an idea of who could benefit most from joining telegram.
telegram is a communication service. you provide your mobile number and basic account data (which may include profile name, profile picture and about information) to create a telegram account.
unlike other services, we don't use your data for ad targeting or other commercial purposes. telegram only stores the information it needs to function as a secure and feature-rich cloud service.
unlike other services, we don't use your data for ad targeting or other commercial purposes. telegram only stores the information it needs to function as a secure and feature-rich cloud service.
to prevent phishing, spam and other kinds of abuse and violations of telegram’s terms of service, our moderators may check messages that were reported to them by their recipients. if a spam report on a message you sent is confirmed by our moderators, your account may be limited from contacting strangers – temporarily or permanently. you can send an appeal using @spambot. in case of more serious violations, your account may be banned. we may also use automated algorithms to analyze messages in cloud chats to stop spam and phishing.
when you start your message with the username of an inline bot (e.g. @gif) the interface transforms so that everything you type becomes a query to that bot. this query is sent to the bot so that it can provide its service. we will warn you about this the first time you use an inline bot.
we may use some aggregated data about how you use telegram to build useful features. for example, when you open the search menu, telegram displays the people you are more likely to message in a box at the top of the screen. to do this, we calculate a rating that shows which people you message frequently. a similar rating is calculated for inline bots so that the app can suggest the bots you are most likely to use in the attachment menu (or when you start a new message with “@”). to turn this feature off and delete the relevant data, go to settings > privacy & security > data settings and disable “suggest frequent contacts”.
bots can also receive the following data when you interact with them.
telegram is a cloud service. we store messages, photos, videos and documents from your cloud chats on our servers so that you can access your data from any of your devices anytime without having to rely on third-party backups. all data is stored heavily encrypted and the encryption keys in each case are stored in several other data centers in different jurisdictions. this way local engineers or physical intruders cannot get access to user data.
if you click on links or buttons provided by the bot, the bot can potentially get your ip address (provided that it controls the website to which the link leads).
this privacy policy forms part of our terms of service, which describes the terms under which you use our services and which are available at  this privacy policy should therefore be read in conjunction with those terms.
if the bot is a member of the same group with you, it may know you are a member.
you can control how your data is used (e.g., delete synced contacts) in settings > privacy & security > data settings (using one of our mobile apps).
secret chats use end-to-end encryption. this means that all data is encrypted with a key that only you and the recipient know. there is no way for us or anybody else without direct access to your device to learn what content is being sent in those messages. we do not store your secret chats on our servers. we also do not keep any logs for messages in secret chats, so after a short period of time we no longer know who or when you messaged via secret chats. for the same reasons secret chats are not available in the cloud — you can only access those messages from the device they were sent to or from.
secret chats use end-to-end encryption. this means that all data is encrypted with a key that only you and the recipient know. there is no way for us or anybody else without direct access to your device to learn what content is being sent in those messages. we do not store your secret chats on our servers. we also do not keep any logs for messages in secret chats, so after a short period of time we no longer know who or when you messaged via secret chats. for the same reasons secret chats are not available in the cloud — you can only access those messages from the device they were sent to or from.
