the sale of advertising, sponsorships, or promotions placed on or within the service or content; or


the service may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by youtube. youtube has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites. in addition, youtube will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site. by using the service, you expressly relieve youtube from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.


although youtube will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for the losses of youtube or others due to such unauthorized use.


you agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the service or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the service or the content therein.


in your use of the service, you will comply with all applicable laws.


the sale of advertising, sponsorships, or promotions on any page of an ad-enabled blog or website containing content delivered via the service, unless other material not obtained from youtube appears on the same page and is of sufficient value to be the basis for such sales.


as part of youtube's copyright policy, youtube will terminate user access to the website if a user has been determined to be a repeat infringer. a repeat infringer is a user who has been notified of infringing activity more than twice.


you agree not to access content through any technology or means other than the video playback pages of the service itself, the embeddable player, or other explicitly authorized means youtube may designate.


you specifically acknowledge that youtube shall not be liable for content or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you.


