The Service is a hosting service which allows registered users to upload, post and share sound recordings, and to create audiovisual content combining selfcreated videos and own or third party sound recordings, which will be stored by us at the direction of registered users, and may be shared and made publicly available by registered users. As part of the Service, we may regularly update you on new content, features as well as to provide you with certain service announcements and administrative messages. We will further give you the possibility to connect with and message your friends who are also using the Service. We will also alert you to local content which is connected to the area where you currently are situated when you have logged in the Service.

We reserve the right to suspend, discontinue, withdraw, take down or amend all or part of the Service and all or part of the content available on the Service at any time to, for example, reflect changes to the law or new technical developments, temporarily or permanently. Any changes will take into account your reasonable interests, and we shall use our reasonable endeavours to notify you thereof in advance. Access to all or part of the Service may be restricted from time to time to allow for repairs, maintenance or updating. This may result in you not being able to use the Service until you have downloaded the latest version and accepted any new terms.

To use the service you must be eighteen (18) years old or older. By signing up for the Service you promise to us that you accept these Terms and that: (a) you are 18 years of age or over, or (b) you are 13 years of age or over and have permission to use the Service from your parent or legal guardian. If we reasonably believe that you do not sufficiently fulfil these criteria, we may suspend your use of the Service until you have provided us with acceptable proof of age.

To access the Service, you will need to register with us. To register, you must provide us with certain information about yourself, such as your email address, birthday, a username and password of your choosing. In some cases (e.g. for some operating systems), you also need to allow us to access your address book and enable the geolocation function in order for us to provide the service. Your username will appear alongside any content you upload to the Service. You must make sure that your username complies with these Terms. Your registration with us is subject to our confirmation and will become valid when we either confirm your registration, or activate your account.

You are responsible for your account with us and any activity that takes place on your account, whether or not such activity was authorised by you. You must ensure that the details you provide to us are correct and kept up to date and that your password is, and remains, secure and confidential. You must inform us of any changes to the details you provided when registering with us. Your account is personal for your own, noncommercial use. You must not sell or transfer, or offer to sell or transfer, your account to any third party. If you want to use the Service or any content other than expressly permitted herein, including in a commercial way, you will need permission and need to get in touch with us first (e.g. via the “partner section” on our website) www.dubsmash.com/partner.

We reserve the right to suspend or remove your account, cancel, reassign or disable your username or password and/or prohibit your use of the Service, without prior notice, if we (in our reasonable discretion) believe there may have been a breach of security or if activities occur on your account that we believe breach these Terms.

By uploading any User Content to the Service, you grant Mobile Motion a worldwide, nonexclusive, royaltyfree, transferable licence (with the right to sublicence) to use, reproduce, distribute, share, display, adapt, prepare derivative works of, compile, make available, communicate to the public and perform any User Content that you upload to the Service, in connection with the provision of the Service, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Service in any media, along with your username, in accordance with these Terms and our Privacy Policy.

In addition, you grant to each user of the Service, a worldwide, nonexclusive, royaltyfree licence to access your User Content through the Service, and to use, reproduce, distribute, share, display, adapt, prepare derivative works of, compile, make available, communicate to the public and perform such User Content, along with your username, to the extent permitted by the functionality of the Service and in accordance with these Terms and our Privacy Policy.

You understand and agree to comply with all applicable laws in relation to your use of the Service and User Content. In particular, and without limitation, you shall at all times ensure that your User Content does not: contain any content, information or material that infringes the rights of any third party including copyright, trade mark rights, confidential information or rights of privacy; violate any applicable laws; contain any content or material that is offensive, abusive, defamatory, libellous, derogatory, bullying, discriminatory, obscene, violent, sexually explicit, indecent, which promotes or encourages violence, terrorism or any other illegal acts or which is likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm, inconvenience or annoy any person; in any way promote or incite anyone to commit or assist in any unlawful or criminal activity or antisocial behaviour, or encourage activities which could endanger the safety or wellbeing of others; identify any person without their consent, or the consent of their parent or legal guardian if they are under 18 years of age; disclose anyone’s personal contact details or invade their privacy; contain any viruses or other malicious or harmful programs; or include any advertising or promotional messages.

Furthermore, you understand and agree that you will not do or attempt to do, or cause any third party to do or attempt to do, any of the following in connection with your use of the Service: Use the Service or User Content available on the Service other than as expressly permitted by these Terms and the normal functionality of the Service; transmit other people’s personal and/or confidential information, such as credit card numbers, account passwords etc.; use the Service for any illegal purpose, in an unlawful manner or in any manner inconsistent with these Terms; impersonate or pretend to be anyone else through your use of the Service; use the Service in a way that could damage, disable, overburden, impair or compromise the Service, our systems or security or interfere with other users; use any programme or other means, including but not limited to scripts, spiders and robots, whether manually or automatically, to extract, download, index, mine, scrape, reproduce or circumvent the presentation, operation or intended use of the Service or any features or functions of it; copy, modify, decompile or otherwise interfere with any part of the Service; make alterations to, or modifications of, the whole or part of the Service, or permit the Service or any part of it to be combined with, or become incorporated in, any other programs; hack into, or insert malicious code, including viruses, or harmful data, into, the Service; or infringe our intellectual property in relation to your use of the Service.

The Service includes and links to features and services (including but not limited to, social applications like Facebook and WhatsApp) that are provided by a third party. We do not control such third party sites or services and are not responsible for the content or functionality of such sites or services. Our inclusion of links does not imply any endorsement or association with their operators. The terms applicable to the use of such third party services will apply and we will not be responsible for anything that is done by you or the third party service provider in connection with your use of their service.

We are under no obligation to monitor User Content posted on the Service and we cannot and do not take any responsibility for such User Content, nor do we endorse, support or guarantee the completeness, accuracy or reliability of any User Content or communications posted via the Services or opinions expressed therein. Use of or reliance on any User Content or materials posted via the Service or obtained by you through the Service is at your own risk.

Subject to Sec. 13 below, Mobile Motion shall not be liable in any way for User Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions contained therein, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any User Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service or broadcast elsewhere.

If we, in our sole discretion, believe that there has been a breach of these Terms, or we have reasonable grounds to believe that you are likely to breach these Terms, we may take any action we think is necessary to protect the Service and its users. We may withdraw your right to use the Service, remove your User Content from the service, take legal proceedings against you (for example, if we have had to pay damages because of your User Content, we will claim to get that amount back) and other action we deem appropriate.

Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Mobile Motion grants you a limited, nonexclusive, personal, worldwide, royaltyfree, nontransferable, nonassignable, nonresaleable, and freely revocable licence to download the App and/or access and use the Service, subject to these Terms and the Privacy Policy.

As between you and us, all rights, titles and interests in and to the Service, including any and all trademarks and other intellectual property rights in and to the Service (excluding any User Content and other content uploaded or otherwise provided by users, subject only to the limited revocable rights granted hereunder) are and will remain the exclusive property of Mobile Motion and its licensors. If you plan to use any of the above mentioned items owned by us, you must read and accept our Brand Guidelines first.

If you discover any content on the Service that you believe infringes your copyright, please report this to us in writing including the following information: a statement that you have identified content on the Service that infringes your copyright or the copyright of a third party on whose behalf you are entitled to act; a description of the copyright work that you claim has been infringed; a description of the content that you claim is infringing and exact details of where on the Service the content that you claim is infringing was found; your contact information including your full name, address and telephone number and a valid email address on which you can be contacted; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are authorised to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. In addition, if you wish for your notice to be considered as a notice pursuant to the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act 17 U.S.C. §512(c), please also include the following: a declaration, under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner or authorised to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive copyright that is allegedly infringed; and your electronic or physical signature (which may be a scanned copy).

All personal data that you provide to us in connection with your use of the Service is collected, used and processed by us in strict accordance with applicable data protection laws and our Privacy Policy.

We may suspend or terminate your use of and access to the Service at any time and for any reason, in our sole discretion, including if we cease to provide the Service. Such suspension or termination shall be without prejudice to (and not be deemed a waiver of) any other claims that we may have against you. We shall use our reasonable endeavors to notify you in advance of any suspension or termination.

You promise to us that: your User Content will not infringe the rights of any third party, including any intellectual property rights, rights in confidential information or rights in privacy; you have obtained all necessary permissions and consents from any persons appearing in User Content; and your User Content will comply with these Terms.

Nothing in these Terms shall however limit or exclude our liability for: (i) death or personal injury resulting from our negligence; (ii) intentional acts, fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; and (iii) any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by law.

Nothing in these Terms shall however limit or exclude our liability for: (i) Damages (a) caused by intent or gross negligence, also by our statutory representatives and vicarious agents (“Erfüllungsgehilfen”), (b) resulting from an injury to life, body or health, (c) damages resulting from a violation of a guarantee as to quality (“Beschaffenheitsgarantie”) or (d) caused by fraudulent misrepresentation (“arglistig verschwiegene Mängel”); (ii) Damages to property and financial damages (“Sach und Vermögensschäden”) caused by slight negligence of us, our statutory representatives or vicarious agents, in the event of a violation of a contractual core duty (“wesentliche Vertragspflicht”), however limited to the amount of the damage which was foreseeable at the time of conclusion of the contract and typical, taking into account the nature of the contract (“ vorhersehbarer und vertragstypischer Schaden”). Contractual core duties are such duties whose accomplishment enables proper fulfilment of an agreement and whose observance the contracting parties may regularly rely on; or (iii) liability based on the German Product Liability Act.

