Welcome to the SmugMug family! The Services provide our users with online tools designed to facilitate and share our love of photography and videos and to promote camaraderie. These Terms of Use protect the legal interests of SmugMug, our users and our third party vendors.

            SmugMug respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its users to do the same. To that end, all Flickr users are subject to the Copyright Policy set forth in Section B below.

        The Services and all images, software, platforms, tools, graphics, data, text, code, the Marks (as defined below) and other content and materials available on the Services (excluding User Content) and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, the “Flickr Materials”) are the property of SmugMug or its third party licensors and are protected by United States and international intellectual property laws.

        SmugMug hereby grants you a limited, nontransferable, nonsublicensable, revocable license to access and use the Flickr Materials solely in accordance with these Terms of Use. Except for the limited licenses granted hereunder, SmugMug reserves all rights not expressly granted and no such additional rights may be implied. You acknowledge that (i) all right, title and interest in and to the Flickr Materials, including all patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other proprietary rights embodied therein or associated therewith, are and will remain with SmugMug or its third party licensors; (ii) no right or interest in the Flickr Materials is conveyed other than the limited licenses granted herein; (iii) the Flickr Materials are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws; and (iv) SmugMug asserts that the Flickr Materials embody valuable confidential and secret information of SmugMug or its licensors, the development of which required the expenditure of considerable time and money.

        You acknowledge that “SMUGMUG”, the SmugMug logo, “FLICKR”, the Flickr logo, the look and feel of the Services, and any other Product or Service names, logos or slogans of either SmugMug or Flickr contained in the Services are trademarks of SmugMug (collectively, the “Marks”) and may not be copied, imitated or used without the prior written permission of SmugMug. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners.

        You agree that you will not (i) modify or alter the Flickr Materials; (ii) create derivative works of the Flickr Materials; (iii) decompile, disassemble, decode or reverse engineer the Flickr Materials, translate the Flickr Materials or otherwise attempt to learn the source code, structure, algorithms or internal ideas underlying the Flickr Materials or reduce the Flickr Materials by any other means to a humanperceivable form; or (iv) bypass, delete or disable any copy protection mechanisms or any security mechanisms in the Flickr Materials.

        As a part of the Services, we may provide you with access to and use of certain personalized pages and corresponding web addresses (“URLs”) that you may customize. SmugMug does not guarantee the availability of any particular web page or URL and reserves the right, at any time and at our sole discretion, to reclaim, suspend, terminate and/or transfer any such web page or URL.

        You retain all intellectual property rights in and to any User Content you post, upload or otherwise make available through the Services, including the copyright in and to your photos and videos. SmugMug does not claim any ownership, right, title or interest in and to your User Content.

        You represent and warrant that (i) you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the User Content that you post or transmit, or you otherwise have the right to post, use, display, distribute and reproduce such User Content and to grant the rights granted herein; (ii) the User Content you supply is accurate and not misleading; and (iii) the use and posting of the User Content you supply does not violate these Terms of Use and will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity.

            User Content that is unlawful, defamatory, hateful, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable or harmful;

            User Content that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, endanger national security, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law;

            User Content that may infringe or violate any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or other proprietary right of any party; User Content that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity;

            private information of any third party, including, without limitation: addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, social security numbers and credit card numbers;

            User Content that, in the sole judgment of Flickr, is objectionable, harmful or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Services, or which may expose Flickr or its users to any harm or liability of any nature.

        Although we prohibit certain activities in these Terms of Use, SmugMug does not make any representation or warranty that the User Content you may encounter through your use of the Services complies with these acceptable use provisions or the Terms of Use. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. These Terms of Use do not create any private right of action on the part of any third party or any reasonable expectation that the Services will not contain any content that is prohibited by these acceptable use provisions. SmugMug reserves the right (but is not obligated) to (i) review or screen any User Content submitted to the Site or otherwise submitted through the Services; (ii) edit any User Content posted on the Services; and/or (iii) remove any User Content from the Services for any reason, at any time, without prior notice, at our sole discretion. SmugMug will have no liability or responsibility to users of the Services or any other person or entity for performance or nonperformance of such activities. SmugMug’s enforcement of the acceptable use provisions set forth in these Terms of Use with respect to User Content in some instances does not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce such provisions in other instances involving similar User Content.

        User Content that you post, upload or otherwise make available via the Services may be accessed, used and downloaded by other users of the Services. You understand and acknowledge that any User Content contained in public areas of the Services, including any user galleries or other portions of the Services, is accessible to the public and could be accessed, downloaded, indexed, archived, linked to and republished by others including, without limitation, appearing on other websites and in search engine results. Flickr provides security options and settings for your content available in the settings section of your applicable user account (the “Account Settings”).

        We use commercially reasonable security measures to protect your account and User Content consistent with your Account Settings. We cannot, however, guarantee absolute security of your account, your User Content or the Registration Data we collect, and we cannot promise that our security measures will prevent third party “hackers” from illegally accessing the Services or their contents. Flickr is not responsible or liable for any third party access to or use of the User Content you post or your Registration Data. You are encouraged to read, understand and use the security settings and mechanisms in your Account Settings to manage how your User Content is accessed and used by the public and other users of the Services. You agree to immediately notify Flickr of any unauthorized use of your account or passwords or any other breach of security, and you accept all risks of unauthorized access to the Registration Data, User Content and any other information you provide to Flickr.

        SmugMug may make third party content and services available on or through the Services (“Third Party Services”) solely as a convenience to its users (for example, links to third party websites, software and other services). When you leave the Services, you should be aware that these Terms of Use and all other SmugMug policies no longer govern your use of such websites and services or any content contained thereon.

        The Services may contain third party advertisements and promotions generated or posted by other users of the Services, Flickr Vendors or other third party service providers.

        Your business dealings or interactions with any third parties, including other users of the Services or Flickr Vendors, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third party. Flickr does not endorse, approve, or control any such products, services, advertising or promotions posted to the Services by its users or the Flickr Vendors. SmugMug is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of your direct dealings with its users or a Flickr Vendor or otherwise resulting from the presence of advertisements for third party products and services included on the Services.

        You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless SmugMug and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”), and the Indemnified Parties’ independent contractors, service providers and consultants, and their respective directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or related to any User Content you post or otherwise transmit on or through the Services, your use of or inability to use the Services, the User Content, or the Flickr Materials or the Products, including any actual or threatened suit, demand or claim made against any of the Indemnified Parties and/or their independent contractors, service providers, employees, directors or consultants, arising out of or relating to your User Content, your conduct, your violation of these Terms of Use or your violation of the rights of any third party.

            Unless you and SmugMug agree otherwise, in the event that a court decides that any part of this Section 15 is invalid or unenforceable, you agree that any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and SmugMug must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in Santa Clara County, California. The remainder of the Terms of Use will continue to apply. You and SmugMug agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Santa Clara County, California for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.

        The Flickr Pro Services are available to users (i) who register for a free trial (when available) or for a subscription to the Flickr Pro Services (“Subscription”) and (ii) who pay in full the Subscription fees (“Subscription Fees”) applicable to the level of Subscription selected by such user (the “Subscription Plan”). If you wish to purchase a Subscription, we will ask you to provide certain information in order to facilitate such purchase, including your credit card number, billing address and any related payment information as required by Flickr (collectively, “Payment Information”). Flickr may use a third party payment processor (e.g., Amazon Payments or PayPal) to facilitate your payment of any Subscription Fees. Any Payment Information that you provide will be governed by the terms of our Privacy Policy. By submitting Payment Information via the Services, you warrant that you have the legal right to use any such credit card or other payment mechanism that you provide to facilitate the transaction.

        When you first register for the Flickr Pro Services, Flickr may offer you the ability to use the Flickr Pro Services without charge for a limited trial period (a “Free Trial”). The duration of a Free Trial will be the number of days specified by Flickr at the time of your registration for such Free Trial. You need to provide Flickr (or our applicable third party payment processor) with valid Payment Information and select a Subscription Plan in order to register for a Free Trial. At the conclusion of your Free Trial, you will be charged for the Subscription Fee applicable to your selected Subscription Plan unless you elect to cancel your Flickr Pro Services account prior to the expiration of your Free Trial. Flickr may offer you the ability to register for a Subscription directly without the need to participate in a Free Trial.

        The Flickr Pro Services are intended to be used by Flickr users for the distribution and sharing of photos and/or videos, as permitted under the user’s applicable Subscription Plan. Flickr, at its sole discretion, reserves the right to limit, suspend or terminate your use of the Flickr Pro Services if Flickr determines that you have violated these Flickr Pro Services Terms or the Terms of Use.

        Each Subscription is personal to the individual Flickr user. You may not transfer or assign your Subscription to another individual, entity or Flickr user unless such transfer or assignment is expressly permitted by the terms of your Subscription Plan.

        Flickr reserves the right at any time, at its sole discretion and without notice, to suspend, modify, discontinue or permanently cancel the Flickr Pro Services or any portions thereof, including the Subscription Plans and any policies, features and terms applicable thereto. If the Flickr Pro Services, or any part thereof, to which you subscribe are permanently discontinued or canceled by Flickr, your Subscription will terminate, and we will have no further liability to you. You acknowledge that the Flickr Pro Services may be interrupted from time to time, with or without notice, for maintenance, upgrades, system updates or in the event of equipment failure or for any other foreseeable or nonforeseeable cause.

        Flickr uses third party vendors to host and store any Media that you upload to Flickr through your use of the Flickr Pro Services. We may require our vendors to maintain certain standards with respect to your User Content, but SmugMug does not guarantee that your User Content will be secure and/or available at all times during the Subscription Term. SmugMug does not guarantee that your User Content will be available on the Services after the termination of your Subscription, irrespective of the reason for such termination. It is your sole responsibility to create and maintain backup copies of any such User Content on a regular basis. Please note that when User Content or other files are deleted (or your account is cancelled), those files will be deleted as soon as reasonable pursuant to Flickr’s data destruction policies and cannot be recovered by SmugMug or any third party vendor following deletion.

        In order to purchase Products through the Services, you are required to provide valid Payment Information as required by Flickr. Flickr may terminate your order for Products and take such other action as appropriate if we are unable to process your Payment Information and you do not provide an alternative form of payment upon Flickr’s request. You agree to reimburse Flickr for any and all costs incurred in collecting amounts owed by you to Flickr or a Flickr Vendor, including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and costs of collection agencies.

    If you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you will be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing. If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the Services by completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement and delivering it to Flickr’s Designated Copyright Agent. Upon receipt of the Notice as described below, Flickr will take whatever action, at its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of the challenged material from the Services.

