1.1. Thank you for visiting the www.jabong.com. By accessing or using www.jabong.com website or the mobile application or any other media ("Website"), whether automated or otherwise, you, a registered or guest user in terms of the eligibility criteria set out herein you (“User”) agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) and any additional terms and conditions of third party sellers (“Sellers”).

1.3. In these Terms, references to "you", "User" shall mean the end user/customer accessing the Website, its contents and using the Services offered through the Website. "Service Providers" mean independent third party service providers or Sellers, and references to the “Website”, "Jabong", “Jabong.com”, "we", "us" and "our" shall mean the Website and/or Novarris Fashion Trading Private Limited, its affiliates and partners (as applicable).

1.4. The contents set out herein form an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules there under as applicable and as amended from time to time. As such, this document does not require any physical or digital signatures and forms a valid and binding agreement between the Website and the User. These Terms are made available to the User pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011 that require publishing the rules, regulations, privacy policy and Terms for access or usage of the Website

1.9. Further, the terms and conditions for any Product, sale, discount, discount vouchers, gift vouchers, prepaid instruments or contest event organized on the Website from time to time, shall be subject to third party/Seller terms and conditions. In addition to the above, some areas of the Website may contain content provided by our third party partners and such content shall be subject to separate terms and conditions of use, which are posted within those areas by third party partners.

1.10. This Website may also contains links to other websites, which are not operated by the Website, and the Website has no control over the linked sites and accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Your use of the linked sites will be subject to the terms of use and service contained within each such site.

3.2. If you wish to register yourself with the Website, you shall be required to create an account by registering through Facebook or your email account or by filling in the details prescribed in the Website registration form. You will then receive a password and account designation upon completing the Website's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify the Website of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Jabong.com cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section or for any losses occurring thereto. You, as the User, waive any claims against the Website for any loss and damage suffered by you on account of your failure to comply with the Terms and reasonably expected good practices in this regard.

3.3. If any User learns or is made or becomes aware of any instance of hacking or misuse of its User account, it shall without delay notify the Website of the same. Additionally, registered Users may be held liable for losses incurred by the Website for any loss or damage caused as a result of failure in maintaining security by the relevant User.

3.4. If any User provides any information that is untrue, false, not updated, and incomplete or the Website has reasonable grounds to believe that such information is untrue, false, not updated, incomplete, the Website shall have the right to suspend or terminate the relevant User account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Website (or any portion thereof).

3.6. Users of the Website may be required to provide certain person information and expressly permit the Website from accessing and/or collecting and retaining such personal information of the Users. Such provision and/or collection, storage, retention, use and disclosure of the personal information of the Users shall be subject to the Website’s privacy policy available at www.jabong.com/privacy_policy

5.3. Jabong.com hereby disclaims any guarantees of exactness as to the finish and appearance of the final Product as ordered by the User. The quality of any products, Services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the Website is not endorsed or supported by Jabong and is the sole liability of the respective Seller. Alterations to certain aspects of your order such as the merchandise brand, size, color etc. may be required due to limitations caused by availability of product difference in size charts of respective brands etc.

9.1. To provide a safe and secure shopping experience, we regularly monitor transactions for fraudulent activity. In the event of detecting any suspicious activity, Jabong.com reserves the absolute right to cancel all past, pending and future orders without any liability. Jabong.com also reserves the right to refuse or cancel orders in scenarios like inaccuracies in pricing of product on Website and stock unavailability. We may also require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. We may contact you if all or any portion of your order is cancelled or if additional information is required to accept your order. If your order is cancelled after your card has been charged, the said amount will be reversed to your account. Any promotional voucher used for the cancelled orders may not berefunded. Further, in case of suspicious transactions, Jabong.com reserves the right to inform law enforcement officials and provide them with all transaction details that may be requested for investigation of any illegal activity.

6.3. Jabong.com may enter into agreements with third party payment gateway aggregators and financial institutions authorized by the Reserve Bank of India for collection, refund and remittance and to facilitate payment between Users and Sellers. The Website shall initiate the remittance of the payments made by the User and the date of completion of transaction shall be after the Products are delivered to the User and such other additional time as may be agreed between Website and the Sellers.

6.4. While availing any of the payment method/s available on the Website, the Website will not be responsible or assume any liability, whatsoever in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly to the User due to:

7.7. The Website shall not be held responsible and will bear no liability in case of failure or delay of delivering the Products including any damage or loss caused to the Products.

Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Website reserves the right to conduct additional verification for security or other reasons if it is not satisfied with the creditability of the User.

Use of the payment facilities provided by the Website shall not render the Website liable or responsible for the nondelivery, nonreceipt, nonpayment, damage, breach of representations and warranties, nonprovision of after sales or warranty services or fraud as regards the Products listed on the Website. The Website shall not be responsible for any damages, interests or claims arising from not processing a transaction.

6.6. Every User hereby agrees to provide accurate information, such as credit/debit information for purchasing Products on the Website. Every User further warrants that he/she shall not use payment information or instrument that is not lawfully owned by the User. The Website shall not utilize or share with any third party unless required as per law, regulation or court order or in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy. The Website disclaims all liabilities arising out of loss of any information pertaining to the Confidentiality of the credit/debit card details or prepaid instrument account. In addition to these Terms, the terms and conditions of the bank or other financial institution shall also be applicable to every User. The Website disclaims any liability arising out of declining of payment by such bank or financial institution.

7.2. Jabong.com shall not be responsible for any delay in the delivery of the Products. Jabong.com shall not be liable for any damage to the Product in transit due to mishandling by the logistics partner.

7.9. However in case where a damage has been caused to the Products ordered, the Seller shall replace the products as per the Seller’s replacement policy as may be indicated on the Website along with the Product.

publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information;

upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents;

upload or distribute files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the Website or another's computer;

You shall not make any derogatory, defamatory, abusive, inappropriate, profane or indecent statement/s and/or comment/s about the Website, its associates and partners on any property owned or operated by the Website.

11.2. All IPR on the Website exclusively belong to either the Website or the third party sellers and suppliers, as the case may be. Under no circumstance shall any User infringe in any way such IPR of the Website, a third party supplier or Seller during or pursuant to its use of the Website for any purposes whatsoever.

13.7. The User agrees that it shall solely be responsible towards the Website and to any third party for any breach of its obligations under these Terms and for any consequences, losses or damages that may be suffered by the Website owing to such breach by a User.

11.4. The Parties hereto agree and confirm that no part of any Intellectual Property rights mentioned hereinabove is transferred in the name of User and any intellectual property rights arising as a result of these presents shall also be in the absolute ownership, possession and our control or control of its owners/permitted assigns, as the case may be.

11.5. Every User hereby grants Jabong.com a perpetual, nonrevocable, worldwide, royaltyfree and sublicensable right and license to use, copy, publish, transmit, reproduce, modify, adapt any content provided or created by the User. Jabong shall have no liability for any infringement of intellectual property rights with respect to such content created by the User.

11.6. Except as expressly provided herein, the User acknowledges and agrees that it shall not copy, republish, post, display, translate, transmit, reproduce or distribute or in any other way infringe any Intellectual Property Right through any medium without obtaining the necessary authorization from the Website or the thirty party owner of such Intellectual Property Right.

Any claims made by any third party due to, or arising out of, or in connection with, the User’s use of the Website; or

Any claim that any third party IPR, proprietary information, content or materials provided by the User causes any damage to a third party; or

Violation of any rights of any third party by the User, including any IPR.

12.2. Upon occurrence of an Indemnity Event, the Website may notify the User of any claims which the User shall be liable to indemnify the Website against. The User shall then be obligated to consult with the Website regarding the course of action to be undertaken in defending such a claim.

12.3. The User shall not compromise or settle any claim or admit any liability or wrongdoing on the part of the Website without the express prior written consent of the Website which can be withheld or denied or conditioned by the Website in its sole discretion.

12.4. Notwithstanding anything to contrary, the Website’s entire and aggregate liability to the User under and in relation to these Terms shall not exceed the greater of Indian Rupees One Hundred (INR 100) or the amount of fees, if any, paid by the User/Seller to the Website under the relevant order to which the cause of action for the liability relates.

12.5. Notwithstanding anything to contrary, in no event shall the Website, its subsidiaries or affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, partners or suppliers be liable to the User for any special, incidental, indirect, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages whatsoever, including those resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether or not foreseeable or whether or not the Website has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or based on any theory of liability, including breach of contract or warranty, negligence or other tortious action, or any other claim arising out of or in connection with the User’s use of or access to the Website or the Product.

is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatsoever;

threatens the unity, integrity, defense, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting of any other nation;

attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Website, any other systems or networks connected to the Website, to any Website server, or to any of the Products offered on or through the Website, by hacking, password mining or any other illegitimate means;

disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise cause harm to, the Website, systems resources, accounts, passwords, servers or networks connected to or accessible through the Websites or any affiliated or linked sites;

use the Website or content therein for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by the Terms or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of the Website or other third parties;

13.5. The User shall use the Website and purchase any Products available on it, for personal, noncommercial use only and shall not resell the same to any other person or commercialize the same in any manner whatsoever.

13.6. The User may need to install updates that the Website or any third party may introduce from time to time to access the Products /Website including downloads and required functionality, such as bug fixes, patches, enhanced functions, missing plugins and new versions. By using the Website, the User shall be deemed to have agreed to receive such updates.

14.1. In the event the Website or any User becomes aware of any objectionable content on the Website including but not limited to violation of privacy, misuse of personal information or violation of any IPR, in violation of these Terms then, the Website, by itself or upon receipt of a communication from any of its Users, without any prior notice take down such objectionable content from the Website.

19.1. The Website’s User protection program provides for resolution of disputes between the User and Seller to successfully resolve a dispute regarding refund or replacement or nondelivery of a Product.

Assignment: This Terms shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred by the User. However the Website’s obligations under these Terms are freely assignable or otherwise transferable by the Website to any third parties without the requirement of seeking the Users prior consent.

Relationship and Exclusivity. Nothing in these Terms shall constitute or be deemed to constitute a partnership, joint venture, agency or the like between the parties hereto or confer on any party any authority to bind the other party or to contract in the name of the other party or to incur any liability or obligation on behalf of the other party.

