1. Your Privacy. Your privacy is important to us. Please read the Microsoft Privacy Statement (the "Privacy Statement") as it describes the types of data we collect from you and your devices ("Data"), how we use your Data, and the legal bases we have to process your Data. The Privacy Statement also describes how Microsoft uses your content, which is your communications with others; postings submitted by you to Microsoft via the Services; and the files, photos, documents, audio, digital works, livestreams and videos that you upload, store, broadcast or share through the Services ("Your Content"). Where processing is based on consent and to the extent permitted by law, by agreeing to these Terms, you consent to Microsoft’s collection, use and disclosure of Your Content and Data as described in the Privacy Statement. In some cases, we will provide separate notice and request your consent as referenced in the Privacy Statement.

    a. When you share Your Content with other people, you understand that they may be able to, on a worldwide basis, use, save, record, reproduce, broadcast, transmit, share and display (and on HealthVault delete) Your Content without compensating you. If you do not want others to have that ability, do not use the Services to share Your Content. You represent and warrant that for the duration of these Terms, you have (and will have) all the rights necessary for Your Content that is uploaded, stored, or shared on or through the Services and that the collection, use, and retention of Your Content will not violate any law or rights of others. Microsoft does not own, control, verify, pay for, endorse or otherwise assume any liability for Your Content and cannot be held responsible for Your Content or the material others upload, store or share using the Services.

    b. To the extent necessary to provide the Services to you and others, to protect you and the Services, and to improve Microsoft products and services, you grant to Microsoft a worldwide and royaltyfree intellectual property license to use Your Content, for example, to make copies of, retain, transmit, reformat, display, and distribute via communication tools Your Content on the Services. If you publish Your Content in areas of the Service where it is available broadly online without restrictions, Your Content may appear in demonstrations or materials that promote the Service. Some of the Services are supported by advertising. Controls for how Microsoft personalizes advertising are available on the Security & privacy page of the Microsoft account management website. We do not use what you say in email, chat, video calls or voice mail, or your documents, photos or other personal files to target advertising to you. Our advertising policies are covered in detail in the Privacy Statement.

        ix. Don’t engage in activity that violates the privacy or data protection rights of others.

    b. Enforcement. If you violate these Terms, we may, in our sole discretion, stop providing Services to you or we may close your Microsoft account. We may also block delivery of a communication (like email, file sharing or instant message) to or from the Services in an effort to enforce these Terms, or we may remove or refuse to publish Your Content for any reason. When investigating alleged violations of these Terms, Microsoft reserves the right to review Your Content in order to resolve the issue, and you hereby authorize such review. However, we cannot monitor the entire Services and make no attempt to do so.

        i. Creating an Account. You can create a Microsoft account by signing up online. You agree not to use any false, inaccurate or misleading information when signing up for your Microsoft account. In some cases, a third party, like your Internet service provider, may have assigned a Microsoft account to you. If you received your Microsoft account from a third party, the third party may have additional rights over your account, like the ability to access or delete your Microsoft account. Please review any additional terms the third party provided you, as Microsoft has no responsibility regarding these additional terms. If you create a Microsoft account on behalf of an entity, such as your business or employer, you represent that you have the legal authority to bind that entity to these Terms. You cannot transfer your Microsoft account credentials to another user or entity. To protect your account, keep your account details and password confidential. You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Microsoft account.

            2. If your Microsoft account is closed (whether by you or us), a few things happen. First, your right to use the Microsoft account to access the Services stops immediately. Second, we’ll delete Data or Your Content associated with your Microsoft account or will otherwise disassociate it from you and your Microsoft account (unless we are required by law to keep it, return it, or transfer it to you or a third party identified by you). You should have a regular backup plan as Microsoft won’t be able to retrieve Your Content or Data once your account is closed. Third, you may lose access to products you’ve acquired.

    e. Support. Customer support for some Services is available at support.microsoft.com. Certain Services may offer separate or additional customer support, subject to the terms available at www.microsoft.com/supportserviceagreement, unless otherwise specified. Support may not be available for preview or beta versions of features or Services. The Services might not be compatible with software or services provided by third parties, and you are responsible for familiarizing yourself with compatibility requirements.

    b. Sometimes you will need software updates to keep using the Services. We may automatically check your version of the software and download software updates or configuration changes. You may also be required to update the software to continue using the Services. Such updates are subject to these Terms unless other terms accompany the updates, in which case, those other terms apply. Microsoft isn't obligated to make any updates available and doesn't guarantee that we will support the version of the system for which you purchased or licensed the software, apps, content or other products. Such updates may not be compatible with software or services provided by third parties. You may withdraw your consent to future software updates at any time by uninstalling the software.

    f. Ending your Services. If your Services are canceled (whether by you or us), first your right to access the Services stops immediately and your license to the software related to the Services ends. Second, we’ll delete Data or Your Content associated with your Service or will otherwise disassociate it from you and your Microsoft account (unless we are required by law to keep it, return it, or transfer it to you or a third party identified by you). As a result you may no longer be able to access any of the Services (or Your Content that you’ve stored on those Services). You should have a regular backup plan. Third, you may lose access to products you’ve acquired. If you have canceled your Microsoft account and have no other account able to access the Services your Services may be canceled immediately.

        ix. Arena. Arena is an Xbox Service by which Microsoft or a third party may offer you the ability to participate in or create a competitive videogame contest, sometimes for a prize ("Contest"). Your use of Arena is subject to these Terms, and may require you to accept additional Contest terms, conditions and rules required by the Contest organizer at the time of signup ("Contest Terms"). Eligibility rules may apply, and may vary by jurisdiction. Contests are void where prohibited or restricted by law. Violation of these Terms (including the Code of Conduct) or Contest Terms may result in a penalty or disqualification from the Contest. If you create a Contest, you may not require any Contest Rules that Microsoft (in its sole discretion) deems inconsistent with these Terms. Microsoft reserves the right to cancel any Contest at any time.

5. Using ThirdParty Apps and Services. The Services may allow you to access or acquire products, services, websites, links, content, material, games, skills, integrations, bots or applications from independent third parties (companies or people who aren’t Microsoft) ("ThirdParty Apps and Services"). Many of our Services also help you find, make requests to, or interact with ThirdParty Apps and Services or allow you to share Your Content or Data, and you understand that you are directing our Services to provide ThirdParty Apps and Services to you. The ThirdParty Apps and Services may also allow you to store Your Content or Data with the publisher, provider or operator of the ThirdParty Apps and Services. The ThirdParty Apps and Services may present you with a privacy policy or require you to accept additional terms before you can install or use the ThirdParty App or Service. See section 13(b) for additional terms for applications acquired through the Office Store, the Xbox Store or the Windows Store. You should review any additional terms and privacy policies before acquiring, using, requesting, or linking your Microsoft Account to any ThirdParty Apps and Services. Any additional terms do not modify these Terms. Microsoft does not license any intellectual property to you as part of any ThirdParty Apps and Services. You agree to assume all risk and liability arising from your use of these ThirdParty Apps and Services and that Microsoft is not responsible for any issues arising out of your use of them. Microsoft is not responsible or liable to you or others for information or services provided by any ThirdParty Apps and Services.

    a. If you comply with these Terms, we grant you the right to install and use one copy of the software per device on a worldwide basis for use by only one person at a time as part of your use of the Services. For certain devices, such software may be preinstalled for your personal, noncommercial use of the Services. The software or website that is part of the Services may include thirdparty code. Any thirdparty scripts or code, linked to or referenced from the software or website, are licensed to you by the third parties that own such code, not by Microsoft. Notices, if any, for the third party code are included for your information only.

        i. circumvent or bypass any technological protection measures in or relating to the software or Services;

        iv. publish, copy, rent, lease, sell, export, import, distribute, or lend the software or the Services, unless Microsoft expressly authorizes you to do so;

    a. Charges. If there is a charge associated with a portion of the Services, you agree to pay that charge in the currency specified. The price stated for the Services excludes all applicable taxes and currency exchange settlements, unless stated otherwise. All prices for Skype paid products are inclusive of applicable taxes, unless otherwise stated. You are solely responsible for paying such taxes or other charges. Skype calculates taxes based on the residential address associated with your billing information. You are responsible for ensuring that this address is up to date and accurate. Except for Skype products, taxes are calculated based on your location at the time your Microsoft account was registered unless local law requires a different basis for the calculation. We may suspend or cancel the Services if we do not receive an on time, full payment from you. Suspension or cancellation of the Services for nonpayment could result in a loss of access to and use of your account and its content. Connecting to the Internet via a corporate or other private network that masks your location may cause charges to be different from those displayed for your actual location. Depending on your location, some transactions might require foreign currency conversion or be processed in another country. Your bank might charge you additional fees for those services when you use a debit or credit card. Please contact your bank for details.

    c. Billing. By providing Microsoft with a payment method, you (i) represent that you are authorized to use the payment method you provided and that any payment information you provide is true and accurate; (ii) authorize Microsoft to charge you for the Services or available content using your payment method; and (iii) authorize Microsoft to charge you for any paid feature of the Services you choose to sign up for or use while these Terms are in force. We may bill you (a) in advance; (b) at the time of purchase; (c) shortly after purchase; or (d) on a recurring basis for subscription Services. Also, we may charge you up to the amount you have approved, and we will notify you in advance of any change in the amount to be charged for recurring subscription Services. We may bill you at the same time for more than one of your prior billing periods for amounts that haven't previously been processed.

    f. Online Statement and Errors. Microsoft will provide you with an online billing statement on the Microsoft account management website, where you can view and print your statement. For Skype, you can access your online statement by signing into your account at www.skype.com. This is the only billing statement that we provide. If we make an error on your bill, you must tell us within 90days after the error first appears on your bill. We will then promptly investigate the charge. If you do not tell us within that time, you release us from all liability and claims of loss resulting from the error and we won't be required to correct the error or provide a refund, unless otherwise required by law. If Microsoft has identified a billing error, we will correct that error within 90days. This policy does not affect any statutory rights that may apply.

    n. Bank Account Payment Method. You may register an eligible bank account with your Microsoft account to use it as a payment method. Eligible bank accounts include accounts held at a financial institution capable of receiving direct debit entries (e.g., a United Statesbased financial institution that supports automated clearing house ("ACH") entries, a European financial institution that supports Single Euro Payments Area ("SEPA") or "iDEAL" in the Netherlands). Terms you agreed to when adding your bank account as a payment method in your Microsoft account (e.g., the "mandate" in the case of SEPA) also apply. You represent and warrant that your registered bank account is held in your name or you are authorized to register and use this bank account as a payment method. By registering or selecting your bank account as your payment method, you authorize Microsoft (or its agent) to initiate one or more debits for the total amount of your purchase or subscription charge (in accordance with the terms of your subscription service) from your bank account (and, if necessary, initiate one or more credits to your bank account to correct errors, issue a refund or similar purpose), and you authorize the financial institution that holds your bank account to deduct such debits or accept such credits. You understand that this authorization will remain in full force and effect until you remove your bank account information from your Microsoft account. Contact customer support as outlined above in section 4(e) as soon as possible if you believe you have been charged in error. Laws applicable in your country may also limit your liability for any fraudulent, erroneous or unauthorized transactions from your bank account. By registering or selecting a bank account as your payment method, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to these Terms.

10. Contracting Entity, Choice of Law, & Location for Resolving Disputes. For your use of free and paid consumer Skypebranded Services, you are contracting with, and all references to "Microsoft" in these Terms mean, Skype Communications S.à.r.l, 23 – 29 Rives de Clausen, L2165 Luxembourg. For free or paid consumer Skypebranded Services, Luxembourg law governs the interpretation of these Terms and claims for their breach, regardless of conflict of law principles. The laws of the province or country where you live govern all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims). If you accepted these Terms by creating a Skype account or using Skype, you and we irrevocably agree to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the Luxembourg courts for all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or the consumer Skypebranded Services. For all other Services, if you accepted these Terms by creating a Microsoft account or using any other Service, the entity with which you are contracting, the governing law, and the location to resolve disputes appear below:

    c. Middle East or Africa. If you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) the Middle East or Africa, and you are using free portions of the Services (such as Bing and MSN), you are contracting with Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052, U.S.A. If you paid to use a portion of the Services, you are contracting with Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. For free and paid Services, the laws of Ireland govern the interpretation of these Terms and claims for their breach, regardless of conflict of laws principles. The laws of the country to which we direct your Services govern all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims). You and we irrevocably agree to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts of Ireland for all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services.

    a. Canada. If you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) Canada, you are contracting with Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052, U.S.A. The laws of the province where you live (or, if a business, your principal place of business) govern the interpretation of these Terms, claims for their breach, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims), regardless of conflict of law principles. You and we irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts in Ontario for all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services.

    b. North or South America outside the United States and Canada. If you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) North or South America outside the United States and Canada, you are contracting with Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052, U.S.A. Washington State law governs the interpretation of these Terms and claims for their breach, regardless of choice of law principles. The laws of the country to which we direct your Services govern all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims).

    d. Asia or the South Pacific, unless your country is specifically called out below. If you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) Asia (except China, Japan, the Republic of Korea, or Taiwan) or the South Pacific, and you are using free portions of the Services (such as Bing and MSN), you are contracting with Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052, U.S.A. If you paid to use a portion of the Services, or are using the free Outlook.com service in Singapore or Hong Kong, you are contracting with Microsoft Regional Sales Corp., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Nevada, U.S.A., with branches in Singapore and Hong Kong, having its principal place of business at 438B Alexandra Road, #0409/12, Block B, Alexandra Technopark, Singapore, 119968; provided, that if you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) Australia, you are contracting with Microsoft Pty Ltd, 1 Epping Road, North Ryde, NSW 2113, Australia and if you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) New Zealand, you are contracting with Microsoft New Zealand Limited, Level 5, 22 Viaduct Harbour Avenue, PO Box 8070 Symonds Street, Auckland, 1150 New Zealand. For free and paid Services, Washington State law governs the interpretation of these Terms and claims for their breach, regardless of conflict of laws principles. The laws of the country to which we direct your Services govern all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims). Any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms or the Services besides Skype, including any question regarding their existence, validity, or termination, will be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Center (SIAC), which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this clause. The Tribunal will consist of one arbitrator to be appointed by the President of SIAC. The language of arbitration will be English. The decision of the arbitrator will be final, binding, and incontestable, and it may be used as a basis for judgment in any country or region.

    c. For consumers living in Australia: Our goods come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law. You are entitled to a replacement or refund for a major failure and compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or damage. You are also entitled to have the goods repaired or replaced if the goods fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to a major failure.

    c. Microsoft is not responsible or liable for any failure to perform or delay in performing its obligations under these Terms to the extent that the failure or delay is caused by circumstances beyond Microsoft’s reasonable control (such as labor disputes, acts of God, war or terrorist activity, malicious damage, accidents or compliance with any applicable law or government order). Microsoft will endeavor to minimize the effects of any of these events and to perform the obligations that aren’t affected. 

        i. Personal Noncommercial Use. Xbox Live, Games for Windows Live and Microsoft Studios games, applications, services and content provided by Microsoft (collectively, the "Xbox Services") are only for your personal and noncommercial use.

        i. Personal Noncommercial Use. Cortana is Microsoft’s personal assistant Service. The features, services, content and ThirdParty Apps and Services provided by Cortana (collectively "Cortana Services") are only for your personal and noncommercial use.

        ii. Xbox Services. When you sign up to Xbox Live and/or receive Xbox Services, information about your game play, activities and usage of games and Xbox Services will be tracked and shared with applicable third party game developers in order for Microsoft and the third party game developers to operate their games and to deliver the Xbox Services. If you choose to link your Microsoft Xbox Services account with your account on a nonMicrosoft service (for example, a nonMicrosoft game publisher of ThirdParty Apps and Services), you agree that: (a) Microsoft may share limited account information (including without limitation gamertag, gamerscore, game score, game history, and friends list), with that nonMicrosoft party as stated in the Microsoft Privacy Statement, and (b) if allowed by your Xbox privacy settings, the nonMicrosoft party may also have access to Your Content from ingame communications when you are signed into your account with that nonMicrosoft party. Also, if allowed by your Xbox privacy settings, Microsoft can publish your name, gamertag, gamerpic, motto, avatar, gameclips and games that you’ve played in communications to people you allow.

        iii. Your Content. As part of building the Xbox Services community, you grant to Microsoft, its affiliates and sublicensees a free and worldwide right, to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, broadcast, share and display Your Content or your name, gamertag, motto, or avatar that you posted for any Xbox Services.

        vi. Game Currency or Virtual Goods. The Services may include a virtual, game currency (like gold, coins or points) that may be purchased from Microsoft using actual monetary instruments if you have reached the age of "majority" where you live. The Services may also include virtual, digital items or goods that may be purchased from Microsoft using actual monetary instruments or using game currency. Game currency and virtual goods may never be redeemed for actual monetary instruments, goods or other items of monetary value from Microsoft or any other party. Other than a limited, personal, revocable, nontransferable, nonsublicensable license to use the game currency and virtual goods in the Services only, you have no right or title in or to any such game currency or virtual goods appearing or originating in the Services, or any other attributes associated with use of the Services or stored within the Services. Microsoft may at any time regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate the game currency and/or virtual goods as it sees fit in its sole discretion.

            2. Your Content on Mixer. "Your Content on Mixer" means all content you, or someone on your behalf, creates on the Mixer Service, including but not limited to live and recorded streams (and any content, like audiovisual content, they contain); brand names, trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, or indicia of origin; your comments, emoticons, and activity in Mixer channels (including botgenerated content); and all related metadata. Anyone, including Microsoft and users, can see, use, host, reproduce, modify, distribute, publish, publicly and digitally perform and display, translate, adapt, and otherwise exploit Your Content on Mixer, in any form, format, media, or channels now known or later developed.

        vi. Personal/Noncommercial Use. The use of Skype is for your personal and noncommercial use. You are permitted to use Skype at work for your own business communications.

        viii. Skype Manager. A "Skype Manager Admin Account" is created and managed by you, acting as an individual administrator of a Skype Manager group and not as a business entity. You may link your individual Microsoft account to a Skype Manager group ("Linked Account"). You may appoint additional administrators to your Skype Manager group subject to their acceptance of these Terms. If you allocate Skype Numbers to a Linked Account, you are responsible for compliance with any requirements related to the residency or location of your Linked Account users. If you choose to unlink a Linked Account from a Skype Manager group, any allocated subscriptions, Skype Credit or Skype Numbers will not be retrievable and Your Content or material associated with the unlinked account will no longer be accessible by you. You agree to process any personal information of your Linked Account users in accordance with all applicable data protection laws.

        xii. Send and receive money. By using the send and receive money feature (if available), you acknowledge that Skype uses third parties to provide payment services and effect transfers. Skype does not provide payment services or effect transfers and is not a money services business. Sending and receiving money on Skype may only be available to users who are 18 years old and over (or otherwise in accordance with the third parties’ terms) and who register and are approved for an account with the third party provider. To use the send money feature, you may be required to sign up to the third parties’ terms and conditions and to provide permissions to share data with these third parties for the purposes of providing the service. If Skype receives notice that your use of the send money feature violates a third party’s terms and conditions, Skype may have to take action against your account, such as cancelling or suspending your account. Skype, or Microsoft, will not be liable for payment services provided by third parties or any actions taken under third parties’ terms and conditions. Skype makes no guarantees, representations or warranties that the send and receive money feature will be available or continue to be available.

        i. Bing and MSN Materials. The articles, text, photos, maps, videos, video players and thirdparty material available on Bing and MSN, including through Microsoft bots, applications and programs, are for your noncommercial, personal use only. Other uses, including downloading, copying or redistributing these materials, or using these materials or products to build your own products, are permitted only to the extent specifically authorized by Microsoft or rights holders, or allowed by applicable copyright law. Microsoft or other rights holders reserve all rights to the material not expressly granted by Microsoft under the license terms, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise.

        iii. Bing Places and Bing Manufacturer Center. When you provide your Data or Your Content to Bing Places or Bing Manufacturer Center, you grant Microsoft a worldwide, royaltyfree intellectual property license to use, reproduce, save, modify, aggregate, promote, transmit, display or distribute as part of a service, and sublicense those rights to third parties.

    i. Office Services. Office 365 Home, Office 365 Personal, Office 365 University, Office Online, Sway, OneNote.com and any other Office 365 subscription or Officebranded Services are for your personal, noncommercial use, unless you have commercial use rights under a separate agreement with Microsoft. 

        i. HealthVault. HealthVault is intended for you to store your personal healthrelated information and information about other people (such as your family) with their consent. HealthVault accounts are not for use by healthcare providers or for any other commercial or nonpersonal purpose. The information in your account may not always be accurate or uptodate and should be viewed by any health care provider as informational only. The HealthVault Service does not hold records for healthcare providers or other medical or case management purposes. For example, HealthVault records are not designated record sets as defined under U.S. regulations. If a healthcare provider decides to include any data made available from HealthVault in its records, it should store a copy in its own system. If there is a cocustodian of a record in your account (because one of you invited the other), you acknowledge that the cocustodian has full control over that record and may cancel your access to the record, manage other peoples' access to the record, and view the record's data including how and when the record is used. Microsoft does not support nonMicrosoft credentials (such as Facebook and OpenID), so HealthVault customer support will not be able to help with signin issues for those. If you lose your signin credentials, or if the account where you got your credentials closes, you will not be able to recover your stored data. To help maintain continued access, we suggest you use more than one signin credential with your HealthVault account. Microsoft does not endorse or control, and is not responsible for, the operation, support, or security of nonMicrosoft credentials you may use.

            1. Program Requirements. You need a valid Microsoft account and your devices must meet the minimum system requirements. The Program is open to users who reside in the markets listed in the FAQ. Individuals can have no more than one Program account, even if an individual has multiple email addresses, and households are limited to six accounts. The Program is solely for your personal and noncommercial use.

            2. Points. Except for donating your points to a nonprofit organization listed in the redemption center, you cannot transfer points. Points are not your personal property, and you may not obtain any cash or money in exchange for them. Points are awarded to you on a promotional basis. You cannot purchase points. Microsoft may limit the quantity of points or Rewards per person, per household, or over a set period (e.g., a day). You may redeem no more than 550,000 points per calendar year in the Program. Points earned in the Program are not valid in, and may not be used in combination with, any other program offered by Microsoft or third parties. Unredeemed points expire if you do not earn or redeem any points for 18 months.

17. Reservation of Rights and Feedback. Except as expressly provided under these Terms, Microsoft does not grant you a license or any other rights of any type under any patents, knowhow, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks or other intellectual property owned or controlled by Microsoft or any related entity, including but not limited to any name, trade dress, logo or equivalents. If you give to Microsoft any idea, proposal, suggestion or feedback, including without limitation ideas for new products, technologies, promotions, product names, product feedback and product improvements ("Feedback"), you give to Microsoft, without charge, royalties or other obligation to you, the right to make, have made, create derivative works, use, share and commercialize your Feedback in any way and for any purpose. You will not give Feedback that is subject to a license that requires Microsoft to license its software, technologies or documentation to any third party because Microsoft includes your Feedback in them.

Notices and procedure for making claims of intellectual property infringement. Microsoft respects the intellectual property rights of third parties. If you wish to send a notice of intellectual property infringement, including claims of copyright infringement, please use our procedures for submitting Notices of Infringement. ONLY INQUIRIES RELEVANT TO THIS PROCEDURE WILL RECEIVE A RESPONSE.

Notices and procedures regarding intellectual property concerns in advertising. Please review our Intellectual Property Guidelines regarding intellectual property concerns on our advertising network.

Financial notice. Microsoft isn't a broker/dealer or registered investment advisor under United States federal securities law or securities laws of other jurisdictions and doesn't advise individuals as to the advisability of investing in, purchasing, or selling securities or other financial products or services. Nothing contained in the Services is an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security. Neither Microsoft nor its licensors of stock quotes or index data endorse or recommend any particular financial products or services. Nothing in the Services is intended to be professional advice, including without limitation, investment or tax advice.

For clarification purposes only, this notice does not limit or inhibit the use of the software provided under these Terms for normal business uses that are personal to that business which do not include (i) redistribution of the software to third parties, or (ii) creation of material with the VIDEO STANDARDS compliant technologies for distribution to third parties.

        f. Transfer the application or this agreement to any third party.

    4. DOCUMENTATION. If documentation is provided with the application, you may copy and use the documentation for personal reference purposes.

    7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement, any applicable privacy policy, any additional terms that accompany the application, and the terms for supplements and updates are the entire license agreement between you and application publisher for the application.

        a. United States and Canada. If you acquired the application in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims) regardless of conflict of law principles.

    10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. The application is licensed "asis", "with all faults" and "as available". You bear all risk of using it. The application publisher, on behalf of itself, Microsoft (if Microsoft isn’t the application publisher), wireless carriers over whose network the application is provided, and each of our respective affiliates, vendors, agents and suppliers ("Covered Parties"), gives no express warranties, guarantees, or conditions in relation to the application. The entire risk as to the quality, safety, comfort, and performance of the application is with you. Should the application prove defective, you assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing or repair. You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws that this agreement can't change. To the extent permitted under your local laws, Covered Parties exclude any implied warranties or conditions, including those of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, safety, comfort and noninfringement.

    Claims for breach of contract, warranty, guarantee, or condition; strict liability, negligence, or other tort; violation of a statute or regulation; unjust enrichment; or under any other theory; all to the extent permitted by applicable law.

