By registering on, accessing, browsing, downloading or using the Paytm Platform for any general purpose or for the specific purpose of availing any Paytm Service, You agree to be bound by the singlesignon ID (hereinafter SSOID) terms and conditions set forth below as well as by the servicespecific terms and conditions applicable to each Paytm Service (hereinafter collectively, the T&Cs). These T&Cs shall also include any additional or modified terms and conditions in relation to the SSOID or any additional or modified servicespecific terms and conditions in relation to any Paytm Service or any future service that may be offered by Paytm on the Paytm Platform. By registering on, accessing, browsing, downloading or using (as applicable) the Paytm Platform or availing any Paytm Service or the SSOID, You automatically and immediately agree to all the T&Cs. If at any time You do not accept or agree with any of the T&Cs or do not wish to be bound by the T&Cs, You may not access, browse or use the Paytm Platform and immediately terminate Your availing the Paytm Services. Accepting or agreeing to the T&Cs will constitute a legal contract (hereinafter Agreement) between You, being at least 18 years of age and an individual user of the Paytm Platform or a customer or beneficiary of the Paytm Services, and Paytm. All services are rendered by Paytm through the Paytm Platform under the brand name “Paytm” (or any derivatives or variations thereof). Consequently, all the rights, benefits, liabilities and obligations under the T&Cs shall, as the case may be, accrue to the benefit of, or incurred by, Paytm, regarding Your use of Paytm’s digital services (which includes but may not be limited to prepaid recharge, bill payment, booking movie tickets, bus tickets, hotel rooms or flight tickets), the semi closed wallet service, the marketplace service or any such other services which may be added on the Paytm Platform and which will henceforth be a Paytm Service, from time to time. The Paytm Services shall be used by You subject to Your adherence with the T&Cs. As long as You accept and comply with these T&Cs, Paytm grants You a personal, nonexclusive, nontransferable, limited, revocable privilege to enter and use the Paytm Platform and/or avail the Paytm Services.

The Paytm Services are not available to persons under the age of 18 or to anyone previously suspended or removed by Paytm from availing the Paytm Services or accessing the Paytm Platform. By accepting the T&Cs or by otherwise using the Paytm Services on the Paytm Platform, You represent that You are at least 18 years of age and have not been previously suspended or removed by Paytm, or disqualified for any other reason, from availing the Paytm Services or using the Paytm Platform. In addition, You represent and warrant that You have the right, authority and capacity to enter into this Agreement and to abide by all the T&Cs as part of this Agreement. Finally, You shall not impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent Your identity, age or affiliation with any person or entity. Finally, in the event of any violation of the T&Cs, Paytm reserves the right to suspend or permanently prevent You from availing Paytm Services or using the Paytm Platform.

The Paytm Digital Services are not available to persons under the age of 18 or to anyone previously suspended or removed by Paytm from availing the Paytm Digital Services or accessing the Paytm Platform. By accepting the T&Cs or by otherwise using the Paytm Digital Services on the Paytm Platform, You represent that You are at least 18 years of age and have not been previously suspended or removed by Paytm, or disqualified for any other reason, from availing the Paytm Bill Payment and Digital Goods Services or using the Paytm Platform. In addition, You represent and warrant that You have the right, authority and capacity to enter into this Agreement and to abide by all the T&Cs as part of this Agreement. Finally, You shall not impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent Your identity, age or affiliation with any person or entity. Finally, in the event of any violation of the T&Cs, Paytm reserves the right to suspend or permanently prevent You from availing Paytm Digital Services or using the Paytm Platform.

Paytm’s SSOID service offers You the convenience, after a onetime registration any Paytm Platform, to sign on (log in) to all web pages and online platforms operated by Paytm or its affiliates (hereinafter the Participating Platforms) with single login access / data, without going through a separate registration process every time. After successfully registering for the SSOID Service, the user can login via each Participating Platform with his SSOID access credentials. Moreover, if already logged in to one of the Participating Platforms, the user can immediately use all other Participating Platforms without additional login procedures (subject to the respective Participating Platform requiring further declarations). The Participating Platforms that offer the SSOID as a login feature, are visible on registration and in the user account. The number of Participating Platforms may also vary in the course of time. With regard to the contractual relationships of the users with the respective Participating Platforms, for the purposes of which Paytm’s SSOID service is or can be used in accordance with these T&Cs, these can alternatively have their own commercial and user terms and conditions. These business or user terms and conditions are available on the respective Participating Platforms. For the respective contents of the Participating Platforms, the respective affiliate of Paytm is solely responsible only for those content that it actually operates. For the SSOID service, these T&Cs apply exclusively, whereas for the use of the Participating Platforms, their business and user terms and conditions apply along with these T&Cs. The SSOID shall be owned and operated by One97 for use on all Participating Platforms. For the use of Paytm’s SSOID service, the user must register. Registration as a user is only allowed if the user meets the eligibility criteria as set out in these T&Cs. Each user can set up only one user account. The user is obliged to provide correct and complete information during the registration and use of the SSOID service. The login data is intended solely for personal use by the user and therefore always to be kept secret and safe. The user is not entitled to share his login details with third parties to use the SSOID service or to disclose them otherwise. The user is obliged to inform Paytm immediately on becoming aware of and/or suspecting a case of any unauthorized use, disclosure and/or misuse of their access data or of their user account. Furthermore, the user is obliged not to use the user account of another person. Submission of the duly completed registration form by the user simply provides invitation to us to make an offer to enter into the agreement on the use of our SSOID service (hereinafter the SSOID Agreement). Our offer for the conclusion of the SSOID Agreement is then effected by the fact that Paytm sends the user a confirmation by e mail, in which a confirmation link is included next to the user name and the password for the SSOID Service. By the user clicking on this confirmation link, the user accepts Paytm’s offer, so that in this way the SSOID Agreement enters into force. Conclusion of the SSOID Agreement may, also be effected through other communication modes and following such processes which help achieve the same purpose as the aforementioned email confirmation process. Paytm is entitled to reject individual users without giving reasons. The user guarantees that the data submitted for their user account (and any other information that is otherwise left for Paytm) are in all respects complete, true, accurate and not misleading. Any changes to user’s data should be promptly updated correctly in its account.

I am making this contribution with my own personal card/funds and not with a corporate or business card/funds or any card/funds issued to another person.

You will indemnify and hold harmless Paytm and the SMS/email service provider including its officials from any damages, claims, demands, proceedings, losses, costs, charges and expenses whatsoever including legal charges and attorney’s fees which Paytm or the SMS/email service provider may at any time incur, sustain, suffer or be subjected to as a consequence of, or arising out of, any of the following: (i) misuse by You or improper or fraudulent information provided by You; (ii) incorrect number or a number that belongs to an unrelated third party provided by You; and/or (iii) the customer receiving any message relating to the reservation number, travel itinerary information, booking confirmation, modification to a ticket, cancellation of ticket, change in bus schedule, delay, and/or rescheduling from Paytm and/or the SMS/email service provider.

You understand that except for information, products or services clearly indicated as being supplied by Paytm, we do not operate, control, or endorse any information, products or services on the Internet in anyway. You also understand that Paytm cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for download through the Paytm Platform will be free of viruses, worms or other code that may be damaging. You are responsible for implementing procedures to satisfy Your particular requirements of Internet security and for accuracy of data input and output.

infringe our or any third party’s intellectual property rights, rights of publicity or privacy;

post or transmit any message which is libellous, defamatory or which discloses private or personal matters concerning any person;

remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with securityrelated features of the Paytm Services and the Paytm Platform or features that enforce limitations on the use of the Paytm Services or the Paytm Platform;

use the Paytm Services or the Paytm Platform in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair it, including, without limitation, using the Paytm Services or the Paytm Platform in an automated manner;

intentionally interfere with or damage operation of the Paytm Services or the Paytm Platform or any other user’s enjoyment of it, by any means, including uploading or otherwise disseminating viruses, adware, spyware, worms, or other malicious code or file with contaminating or destructive features;

take any action that imposes an unreasonably or disproportionately large load on Paytm’s infrastructure/network;

use the Paytm Platform to collect or obtain personal information, including without limitation, financial information, about other users of the Paytm Platform, except and only as expressly provided in the T&Cs;

use the Paytm Services in a manner that results in or may result in complaints, disputes, reversals, chargebacks, fees, fines, penalties and other liability to Paytm, a third party or You;

You acknowledge that Paytm/MMTCPAMP will not be liable to You or any other person as a result of Your access or use of Gold/Redeemable Product for indirect, consequential, special, incidental, punitive, or exemplary damages, including, without limitation, lost profits, lost savings and lost revenues (collectively, the “excluded damages”), whether or not characterized in negligence, tort, contract, or other theory of liability. In no event will Paytm/MMTCPAMP or any of its directors, employees total liability to You for all damages, losses, liabilities and causes of action under these Terms and the facility/ services provided by Paytm/MMTCPAMP collectively exceed total amount paid by You, if any, for access to that particular products or services. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction.

take any action that may cause Paytm to lose any of the Paytm Services from its service providers or lose any of its recharge partners or business partners, including mobile operators or telecom companies, payment processors or other suppliers;

You agree that Paytm, in its sole discretion, for any or no reason, and without penalty, may suspend or terminate Your account (or any part thereof) or Your use of the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform and remove and discard on the Paytm Platform all or any part of Your account, Your user profile, or Your recipient profile, including Your SSOID, at any time. Paytm may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing access to the Paytm Services, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of Your access to the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform or any account You may have or portion thereof may be effected without prior notice, and You agree that Paytm will not be liable to You or any third party for any such termination or interruption. Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Paytm may have at law or in equity. Upon termination for any reason, You agree to immediately stop using the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform.

Cancellation Protect is a promotional offer by One97 Communications Ltd. (Paytm) and it reserves the right to alter the terms or discontinue the offer at any time without prior notice,Paytm may suspend any user’s ability to participate in the program at any time for any reason at its discretion.

In no event, Paytm or its contractors, agents, licensors, partners or suppliers will be liable to You for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, reliance, or exemplary damages (including without limitation lost business opportunities, lost revenues, or loss of anticipated profits or any other pecuniary or nonpecuniary loss or damage of any nature whatsoever) arising out of or relating to: (i) this Agreement; (ii) the SSOID Agreement; (iii) the Paytm Services, the Paytm Platform or any reference site/app/platform/service; or (iv) Your use or inability to use the Paytm Services, the Paytm Platform (including any and all materials) or any reference sites/app/platform/service, even if Paytm or a Paytm authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event, Paytm, directors, employees, agents will be liable to You for any damages, liabilities, losses, and causes of action arising out of or relating to: (i) this Agreement; (ii) the SSOID Agreement; (iii) the Paytm Services, the Paytm Platform or any reference site/app/platform/service; or (iv) Your use or inability to use the Paytm services, the Paytm Platform (including any and all materials) or any reference sites/app/platform/service; or (v) any other interactions with Paytm, however caused and whether arising in contract, tort including negligence, warranty or otherwise, beyond or in excess of the amount paid by You, if any, for using the portion of the Paytm Service or the Paytm Platform giving rise to the cause of action, or beyond or in excess Rs. 5,000, whichever is less. You acknowledge and agree that Paytm has offered its products and services, set its prices, and entered into this Agreement in reliance upon the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein, that the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein reflect a reasonable and fair allocation of risk between You and Paytm, and that the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein form an essential basis of the bargain between You and Paytm. Paytm would not be able to provide the services to You on an economically reasonable basis without these limitations. Applicable law may not completely allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions will apply to You subject to applicable law. In such cases, Paytm’s liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. This paragraph shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

You agree to indemnify, save, and hold Paytm, its affiliates, employees, officers, directors and partners harmless from any and all claims, losses, damages, and liabilities, costs and expenses, including without limitation legal fees and expenses, arising out of or related to: (i) Your use or misuse of the Paytm Services or of the Paytm Platform; (ii) any violation by You of this Agreement or the SSOID Agreement; or (iii) any breach of the representations, warranties, and covenants made by You herein. Paytm reserves the right, at Your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which You are required to indemnify Paytm, including rights to settle, and You agree to cooperate with Paytm’s defense and settlement of these claims. Paytm will use reasonable efforts to notify You of any claim, action, or proceeding brought by a third party that is subject to the foregoing indemnification upon becoming aware of it. This paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement.

To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Paytm and its thirdparty partners disclaim all warranties or guarantees – whether statutory, express or implied – including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement of proprietary rights. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by You from Paytm or through the Paytm Services or the Paytm Platform will create any warranty or guarantee other than those expressly stated herein. For the purposes of this Disclaimer, You expressly acknowledge that as used in this section, the term “Paytm” includes Paytm’s officers, directors, employees. You acknowledge that Paytm is a reseller of mobile recharges and is not liable for any third party (telecom companies, mobile operators or suppliers) obligations due to rates, quality and all other instances, whether to any such telecom companies’ subscribers or otherwise. You expressly agree that use of the Paytm Services on the Paytm Platform is at Your sole risk. It is Your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of all opinions, advice, services, merchandise and other information provided through the site or on the Internet generally. Paytm does not warrant that the Paytm Services will be uninterrupted or errorfree or that defects in the site will be corrected. The Paytm Services and the Paytm Platform and any data, information, third party software, reference sites, services, or software made available in conjunction with or through the services and the site are provided on an “as is” and “as available,” “with all faults” basis and without warranties or representations of any kind either express or implied. Paytm, and its partners do not warrant that the data, Paytm software, functions, or any other information offered on or through the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform or any reference sites/platforms/apps/services will be uninterrupted, or free of errors, viruses or other harmful components and do not warrant that any of the foregoing will be corrected. Paytm and its licensors, and partners do not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform or any reference sites/platforms/apps/services in terms of correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You understand and agree that You use, access, download, or otherwise obtain information, materials, or data through the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform or any reference sites/platforms/apps/services at Your own discretion and risk and that You will be solely responsible for any damage to Your property (including Your computer system and mobile device or any other equipment) or loss of data that results from the download or use of such material or data. We do not authorize anyone to make any warranty on our behalf and You should not rely on any such statement. This paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement. In no event will Paytm be liable for any incidental, consequential, or indirect damages (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of programs or information, and the like) arising out of the use of or inability to use the Paytm Platform.

The Paytm Services and the Paytm Platform are owned and operated by Paytm. The visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, computer code (including source code and object code), products, software, services, and all other elements of the Paytm Services and the Paytm Platform provided by Paytm (hereafter Materials) are protected by Indian copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws, international conventions, and all other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable laws. As between You and Paytm, all Materials, trademarks, service marks, and trade names contained on the Paytm Platform are the property of Paytm. You agree not to remove, obscure, or alter Paytm or any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices affixed to or contained within or accessed in conjunction with or through the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform. Except as expressly authorized by Paytm, You agree not to sell, license, distribute, copy, modify, publicly perform or display, transmit, publish, edit, adapt, create derivative works from, or otherwise make unauthorized use of the Materials. Paytm reserves all rights not expressly granted in this Agreement. If You have comments regarding the Paytm Services and/or the Paytm Platform or ideas on how to improve it, please contact customer service. Please note that by doing so, You hereby irrevocably assign to Paytm, and shall assign to Paytm, all rights, title and interests in and to all ideas and suggestions and any and all worldwide intellectual property rights associated therewith. You agree to perform such acts and execute such documents as may be reasonably necessary to perfect the foregoing rights.

If any dispute, controversy or claim arises under this Agreement or in relation to any Paytm Service or the Paytm Platform, including any question regarding the existence, validity or termination of this Agreement or T&Cs (hereinafter Dispute), the parties shall use all reasonable endeavours to resolve such Dispute amicably. If the parties are unable to resolve the Dispute amicably within 30 days of the notice of such Dispute, Paytm may elect to resolve any Dispute by a binding arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Arbitration & Conciliation Act, 1996 (hereinafter Act). Such Dispute shall be arbitrated on an individual basis and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The Dispute shall be resolved by a sole arbitrator, appointed in accordance with the Act. The seat of the arbitration shall be New Delhi and the language of this arbitration shall be English. Either You or Paytm may seek any interim or preliminary relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in New Delhi necessary to protect the rights or the property belonging to You or Paytm (or any of our agents, suppliers, and subcontractors), pending the completion of arbitration. Any arbitration shall be confidential, and neither You nor Paytm may disclose the existence, content or results of any arbitration, except as may be required by law or for purposes of enforcing the arbitration award. All administrative fees and expenses of arbitration will be divided equally between You and Paytm. In all arbitrations, each party will bear the expense of its own lawyers and preparation. This paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement.

Dispute Resolutions: If any dispute, controversy or claim arises under this Agreement or in relation to any Paytm Service or the Paytm Platform, including any question regarding the existence, validity or termination of this Agreement or these T&Cs or these Marketplace Terms (hereinafter Dispute), the parties shall use all reasonable endeavours to resolve such Dispute amicably. If the parties are unable to resolve the Dispute amicably within 30 days of the notice of such Dispute, Paytm may elect to resolve any Dispute by a binding arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Arbitration & Conciliation Act, 1996 (hereinafter Act). Such Dispute shall be arbitrated on an individual basis and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The Dispute shall be resolved by a sole arbitrator, appointed in accordance with the Act. The seat of the arbitration shall be New Delhi and the language of this arbitration shall be English. Either You or Paytm may seek any interim or preliminary relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in New Delhi necessary to protect the rights or the property belonging to You or Paytm (or any of our agents, suppliers, and subcontractors), pending the completion of arbitration. Any arbitration shall be confidential, and neither You nor Paytm may disclose the existence, content or results of any arbitration, except as may be required by law or for purposes of enforcing the arbitration award. All administrative fees and expenses of arbitration will be divided equally between You and Paytm. In all arbitrations, each party will bear the expense of its own lawyers and preparation. This paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement, the T&Cs or the Marketplace Terms.

Subject to the Dispute Resolution section above, You agree that any claim or dispute You may have against Paytm must be resolved by a court having jurisdiction in New Delhi, India. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within New Delhi, India, for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes. This Agreement shall be governed by Indian law. This paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement.

Jurisdiction: Subject to the Dispute Resolution section above, You agree that any claim or dispute You may have against Paytm must be resolved by a court having jurisdiction in New Delhi, India. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within New Delhi, India, for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes. This Agreement shall be governed by Indian law. This paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement.

maintain and promptly update the Registration Data, Payment Data and Biller Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete at all times. If You provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Paytm has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Paytm has the right to suspend or terminate Your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform (or any portion thereof). The term biller includes telecom operators.

Paytm assumes no responsibility and shall incur no liability if it is unable to affect any payment instruction(s) on the payment date owing to any one or more of the following circumstances:

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, neither Paytm nor affiliates of Paytm or its officers, directors, employees shall have any liability to You or to any third party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages or any loss of revenue or profits arising under or relating to the T&Cs, the Paytm Platform or Paytm Services, even if any of said parties had been advised of, knew of, or should have known of, the possibility of such damages. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Paytm’s maximum aggregate liability to You for any causes whatsoever, and regardless of the form of action (whether liability arises due to negligence or any other tort, breach of contract, violation of statute, misrepresentation or for any other reason), will at all times be limited to Rs. 5,000. To the maximum extent permitted by law, You waive, release, discharge and hold harmless Paytm or affiliates of Paytm, and each of their directors, officers, employees, and agents, from any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, expenses and causes of action arising out of Your use of the Paytm Platform and/or Paytm Service.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, neither Paytm nor its affiliates of Paytm, its officers, directors, employees shall have any liability to You or to any third party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages or any loss of revenue or profits arising under or relating to these terms, the Paytm Platform or the Paytm Services, even if any of said parties had been advised of, knew of, or should have known of the possibility of such damages. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Paytm’s maximum aggregate liability to You for any causes whatsoever, and regardless of the form of action (whether liability arises due to negligence or any other tort, breach of contract, violation of statute, misrepresentation or for any other reason), will at all times be limited to Rs. 5,000. To the maximum extent permitted by law, You waive, release, discharge and hold harmless Paytm or affiliates of Paytm, , and each of their directors, officers, employees, from any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, expenses and causes of action arising out of Your use of the online platform;

Paytm will not responsible for any loss, damage or injury sustained by the customer at the theme park/water park/amusement park premises or any other similar establishment for which ticket(s) were purchased through the Paytm Platform;

The Paytm Platform makes available general Third Party Content. Third Party Content would also be available to You on the email received by You from Paytm. Paytm will not be responsible for infringement of any third party’s intellectual property rights and rights of privacy in such cases. The provision of Third Party Content is for general informational purposes only. You acknowledge that the Third Party Content provided to You is obtained from sources believed to be reliable. Paytm does not provide any guarantee with respect to any the Third Party Content and Paytm shall not be held liable for any loss suffered by You based on its reliance on/or use of such Third Party Content. You should contact such third party site/app for their terms and conditions, privacy policy, complaints and clarification governing various features and offers or the products and services offered by them.

Limitation of liability and waiver: In no event, Paytm will be liable to You for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, reliance, or exemplary damages (including without limitation lost business opportunities, lost revenues, or loss of anticipated profits or any other pecuniary or nonpecuniary loss or damage of any nature whatsoever) arising out of or relating to: (i) this Agreement, including these T&Cs and Marketplace Terms; (ii) the SSOID Agreement; (iii) the Paytm Services, the Paytm Platform or any reference site/app/platform/service; or (iv) Your use or inability to use the Paytm Services, the Paytm Platform (including any and all materials) or any reference sites/app/platform/service, even if Paytm or a Paytm authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event, Paytm or any of its directors, employees will be liable to You for any damages, liabilities, losses, and causes of action arising out of or relating to: (i) this Agreement, including these T&Cs and the Marketplace Terms; (ii) the SSOID Agreement; (iii) the Paytm Services, the Paytm Platform or any reference site/app/platform/service; or (iv) Your use or inability to use the Paytm services, the Paytm Platform (including any and all materials) or any reference sites/app/platform/service; or (v) any other interactions with Paytm, however caused and whether arising in contract, tort including negligence, warranty or otherwise, beyond or in excess of the amount paid by You, if any, for using the portion of the Paytm Service or the Paytm Platform giving rise to the cause of action, or beyond or in excess Rs. 5,000, whichever is less. You acknowledge and agree that Paytm has offered its products and services, set its prices, and entered into this Agreement in reliance upon the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein, that the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein reflect a reasonable and fair allocation of risk between You and Paytm, and that the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein form an essential basis of the bargain between You and Paytm. Paytm would not be able to provide the services to You on an economically reasonable basis without these limitations. Applicable law may not completely allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions will apply to You subject to applicable law. In such cases, Paytm’s liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. This paragraph shall survive the termination of this Agreement, including these T&Cs, SSOID terms and the Marketplace Terms.

In these Terms, references to “You”, or “Customer” shall mean the counterparty who transacts using the Paytm “Platform”, being a natural person, buying Gold, redeeming Gold in the form of redeemable products, selling back Gold to MMTCPAMP . “Platform” shall mean, and include, the platforms (website, mobile apps, others) of One97 Communications, that the Customer accesses for the transactions, including all contents, services and technology offered through the Platform. “Service Providers” mean independent third party service providers, and references to the “Seller”, “MMTCPAMP”, “we”, “us” and “our” shall mean MMTCPAMP India Private Limited. . “Transfer” refers to a facility to transfer Gold from a gold account to gold account of another Customer(s).

MMTCPAMP/One97 shall be entitled to collect and store relevant information and documents provided by the Customer. For cumulative lifetime purchases of Rs. 50,000/ and above and subsequently from time to time. Further, as and when required by MMTCPAMP / One97, the Customer will be required to provide additional documents for fulfilling the KYC requirements. You authorize MMTCPAMP and One97 to make such enquiries as they may feel necessary to satisfy themselves about the validity of Your identity. You undertake to update us and One97 in case of change of Your existing information or verification documents provided by You.

While availing any of the payment method/s available on the Platform, MMTCPAMP/One97 will not be responsible or assume any liability, whatsoever in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly to the Customer due to:

(iii) breach or noncompliance of the Terms and relating to the gold account; and/or (iv) fraud or dishonesty relating to any transaction by the Customer. Without prejudice to the foregoing, Paytm shall be under no liability whatsoever to the Customer in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly out of:

Disclaimers and limits of liability: Paytm/MMTCPAMP does not make any representations, recommendations, projections, warranties or guarantees of any kind, either expressed or implied, as to the performance of its Gold/Redeemable Products with respect to future prices or any return on investment. Paytm/MMTCPAMP will not be liable to any Customer (including but not limited to Transferee) for any Losses caused by or relating to transfer/deposit of Gold to gold account of any other Customer. Paytm/MMTCPAMP explicitly urges to all its Customers to inspect the package for any damage or tamper before receiving or signing for receipt. If You find any tampering, do not accept the parcel and return the same. MMTCPAMP will not be liable for any loss or damage caused if the Customer accepts the parcel inspite of it being damaged or tampered. The duty to verify the parcel for any damages or tampering is of the Customer and if the Customer accepts the parcel and later comes to know of any damage or tampering, Paytm/MMTCPAMP shall not be liable for any loss or damage to Customer. If such loss is later reported and approved by logistics partner and Insurance Company, the limit of liability shall be restricted to the amount paid by the logistic partner for such loss or damage in transit as per their terms and conditions and the same shall be binding upon the Customer.

Customer hereby agrees and confirms that while availing any of the services, including without limitation, buying of Gold and/or availing Gold Savings Plan available on the Platform, One97/MMTCPAMP will not be responsible or will assume any liability, whatsoever, of any nature, in respect of any loss, cost, damage (direct or indirect), loss of profit, fee, liability, arising directly or indirectly to the Customer due to:

MMTCPAMP shall not be liable / responsible, in any manner whatsoever, for any loss / liability arising out of or relating to any technical failure / issue in Platform and / or acts / omission not attributable to MMTCPAMP.

Notwithstanding anything contrary contained herein, the service, the interface and API work,and their respective information, pricing and data, and availability are subject at any time and from time to time to human, mechanical , typographic, or other errors, oversights, mistakes, limitations, delays, service interruptions, including, without limitation, as may be due in whole or in part to, related to or arising out of (i) computer hardware and software, telecommunication and operating systems, databases, or business processes and procedures, other problems inherent in, or which may be associated with, the use of the internet and electronic communications including, without limitation, force majeure event , government / regulatory actions, orders, notifications etc. and / or and acts and omissions of third parties etc. affecting or impacting the service, the interface or the API work, its information and data, or such communications. Customer acknowledges and agrees that MMTC PAMP is not responsible or liable whatsoever for delays, failures, or other loss due to, caused by or resulting from any such problems, in whole or in part. If your gold account is over credited or wrongfully credited / debited, then MMTC PAMP has right to reverse / cancel without notice or require cancellation / reversal of such transaction at its sole discretion and debit / credit the gold to / from your gold account, as the case may be. MMTCPAMP shall not be liable for any wrong transfer of gold by you to another account (including but not limited to transfer to a different user / customer etc.) and the gold grams shall not be reversed to you in case of an erroneous transfer and / or in case the transferee has already transacted the gold transferred.

Indemnification: Customer hereby agrees to indemnify and keep Paytm indemnified from and against all actions, claims, demands, proceedings, losses, damages, personal injury, costs, charges and expenses, directly or indirectly, whatsoever (‘Losses’) which Paytm or its employees, agents, workers or representative may at any time incur, sustain, suffer or be put to as a consequence of or by reason of or arising out of:

(ii) by reason of MMTCPAMP ‘s acting in good faith and taking or refusing to take or omitting to take action on the Customer’s instructions, and in particular arising directly or indirectly out of the negligence, mistake or misconduct of the Customer; 

Any misstatement, misrepresentation, error or omission in any details disclosed by Paytm/MMTCPAMP if it receives any process, summons, order, injunction, execution distrait, levy lien, information or notice which Paytm/MMTCPAMP in good faith believes/ calls into question the Customer’s ability, or the ability of someone purporting to be authorised by the Customer, to make the transfer, MMTCPAMP may, at its option and without liability to the Customer or such other person, decline to allow the Customer to obtain any portion of his gold/ product, or may handover such gold/product over to an appropriate authority and take any other steps required by applicable law.

Any misstatement, misrepresentation, error or omission in any details disclosed by One97 and/or MMTCPAMP, if receives any process, summons, order, injunction, execution distrait, levy lien, information or notice whichOne97 and/or MMTCPAMP in good faith believes/ calls into question the Customer’s ability, or the ability of someone purporting to be authorized by the Customer, to make the sale of Gold from the Customer’s GAP and/or transfer of the Gold in the Customer’s GAP, One97MMTCPAMP may, at its option and without liability to the Customer or such other person, decline to allow the Customer to obtain any portion of his Gold/ product, or may handover such Gold/product over to an appropriate authority and take any other steps required by applicable law.

You declare that gold You are selling was previously owned by You for personal use.

The Customer hereby expressly declare that any sale of Gold on Paytm Platform was previously owned by the Customer for personal use.

Successful application of this Promocode would authorize Paytm to place an order for You with MMTCPAMP for the promotional amount due to You as Cashback. The invoice of such an order would bear Your name and would be useful for tax purposes.

We reserve the right to change these Gold Savings T&Cs at any time. Such changes will be effective when posted on Paytm Platform and shall be deemed to be notified to the Customer accordingly. Notwithstanding anything contrary, Customer shall be responsible for regularly reviewing the Gold Savings T&Cs, including amendments thereto as may be posted on the Paytm Platform and shall be deemed to have accepted the amended Gold Savings T&Cs by continuing the use of Paytm Platform and continuance of the Gold Savings Plan. Further, as and when required by MMTCPAMP and/or One97, the Customer will be required to provide additional documents for fulfilling the KYC requirements. You authorize MMTCPAMP and One97 to make such enquiries as they may feel necessary to satisfy themselves about the validity of Your identity. We reserve the right to terminate any Gold account, with or without notice to You, in the event the KYC documents / information are found to be incorrect or authenticity of the documents / information is found to be doubtful. You hereby undertake to indemnify and keep indemnified MMTCPAMP and/or One97 against any and all losses, claims, liabilities costs etc. which arise out of or relating to Your failure to identify Yourself and validate Your account promptly and / or due to incorrect KYC documents / information.

Indemnity: The Customer hereby agrees to indemnify and keep One97 and/or MMTCPAMP indemnified from and against all actions, claims, demands, proceedings, losses, damages, personal injury, costs, charges and expenses, directly or indirectly, whatsoever (“Losses”) which One97 and/or MMTCPAMP or its employees, agents, workers or representative may at any time incur, sustain, suffer or be put to as a consequence of or by reason of or arising out of: (i) the usage of the Paytm Platform by the Customer; (ii) by reason of One97 and/or MMTCPAMP ‘s acting in good faith and taking or refusing to take or omitting to take action on the Customer’s Instructions, and in particular arising directly or indirectly out of the negligence, mistake or misconduct of the Customer; (iii) breach or noncompliance of the Gold Savings T&Cs and relating to the GAP; and/or (iv) fraud or dishonesty relating to any transaction by the Customer. Without prejudice to the foregoing, One97 and/or MMTCPAMP shall be under no liability whatsoever to the Customer in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly out of:

Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability: Customer hereby expressly acknowledge, confirm and agree that One97 and/or MMTCPAMP does not make any representations, recommendations, projections, warranties or guarantees of any kind, either expressed or implied, as to the performance of its Gold/Redeemable Products with respect to future prices or any return on investment. One97 and/or MMTCPAMP will not be liable for any Losses or damage caused by reliance on information obtained in any of our newsletters, literature, reports, email correspondence, website, Paytm Platform and/or any other communication from One97 and/or MMTCPAMP. One97 and/or MMTCPAMP will not be liable to any Customer (including but not limited to any transferee) for any Losses caused by or relating to transfer/deposit of Gold to GAP of any other Customer. One97 and/or MMTCPAMP explicitly urges to all its Customers to inspect the package for any damage or tamper before receiving or signing for receipt of the same. If the Customer, find any tampering, then the Customer shall not accept the parcel and return the same. One97 and/or MMTCPAMP will not be liable for any Losses or damage caused, if the Customer accepts the parcel inspite of the same being damaged or tampered. The duty to verify the parcel for any damages or tampering is of the Customer and if the Customer accepts the parcel and later comes to know of any damage or tampering, One97 and/or MMTCPAMP shall not be liable for any Losses or damage to Customer. If such loss is later reported and approved by logistics partner and Insurance Company, the limit of liability shall be restricted to the amount paid by the logistic partner for any such Losses or damage in transit as per their terms and conditions and the same shall be binding upon the Customer. The Customer hereby expressly acknowledges and agrees that One97 and/or MMTCPAMP will not be liable to the Customer or to any other person, as a result of Customer’s access or use of Gold/Redeemable Product for indirect, consequential, special, incidental, punitive, or exemplary damages, including without limitation, lost profits, lost savings and lost revenues (collectively, the “Excluded Damages”), whether or not characterized in negligence, tort, contract, or other theory of liability, even if One97 and/or MMTCPAMP has been advised of the possibility of or could have foreseen any of the Excluded Damages, and irrespective of any failure of an essential purpose of a limited remedy. In no event will One97 and/or MMTCPAMP or any of its directors, employees, agents’ total liability to Customer under this arrangement or otherwise, shall in no event, for all damages, Losses, liabilities and causes of action under these Gold Savings T&Cs and/or any other facility/ services provided by One97 and/or MMTCPAMP, collectively exceed the total amount paid by the Customer, if any, for access to that particular products or services. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction.

One97 uses 128 bit encryption by Verisign for security and follows PCI DSS (payment card industry data security standard) mandated by the card association networks and administered by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council. However One97 cannot, and does not, guarantee that the information in transit may not be altered or intercepted or accessed by others and decrypted. One97 and/or MMTC – PAMP, and its directors, employees shall not be liable or responsible, should any confidential or other information provided by or pertaining to the Customer (including credit card numbers, passwords, personal identification numbers, IDs, transaction details, etc.) be intercepted or altered and subsequently used by an unintended recipient.

One97 has the right to suspend the Gold Savings Plan at anytime at its sole and independent discretion and/or if it has reason to believe that the Customer’s Instruction in respect of purchase of the Gold will lead to or expose to direct or indirect loss to One97 or may require a specific indemnity from the Customer before continuing to operate the Service.

Termination:The Customer can visit the profile or GAP on Paytm Platform any time and can disable the Gold Savings Plan. One97 may withdraw or terminate the Gold Savings Plan at any point of time without assigning any reasons whatsoever. One97 may suspend or terminate the Gold Savings Plan without prior notice if the Customer has breached any of Gold Savings T&Cs.

One97’s website/mobile application contains links to other websites, Customer/user agrees that when they click on any of such links for making donations, he/she will be entering another website for which One97/Paytm has no responsibility. We encourage/advise you to read and agree the privacy statements on all such websites as their policies/terms & conditions may be different from One97/Paytm, prior to making any donations.

