
ENGLISH
APPLE INC. 
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR SAFARI FOR WINDOWS
SINGLE USE LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ("LICENSE") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE 
APPLE SOFTWARE. BY USING THE APPLE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE 
TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, DO NOT USE 
THE SOFTWARE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THE LICENSE, YOU MAY RETURN THE 
APPLE SOFTWARE TO THE PLACE WHERE YOU OBTAINED IT FOR A REFUND. IF THE APPLE 
SOFTWARE WAS ACCESSED ELECTRONICALLY, CLICK "DISAGREE".  
IMPORTANT NOTE: To the extent that this software may be used to reproduce materials, it is licensed 
to you only for reproduction of non-copyrighted materials, materials in which you own the copyright, or 
materials you are authorized or legally permitted to reproduce. If you are uncertain about your right to 
copy any material, you should contact your legal advisor.
1. General.
 The Apple and any third party software, documentation and any fonts accompanying this 
License whether on disk, in read only memory, on any other media or in any other form (collectively the 
"Apple Software") are licensed, not sold, to you by Apple Inc. ("Apple") for use only under the terms of this 
License. Apple and/or its licensors retain ownership of the Apple Software itself and reserves all rights not 
expressly granted to you. The terms of this License will govern any software upgrades provided by Apple 
that replace and/or supplement the original Apple Software product, unless such upgrade is accompanied by 
a separate license in which case the terms of that license will govern. 
Title and intellectual property rights in and to any content displayed by or accessed through the Apple 
Software belongs to the respective content owner. Such content may be protected by copyright or other 
intellectual property laws and treaties, and may be subject to terms of use of the third party providing such 
content. This License does not grant you any rights to use such content.
2. Permitted License Uses and Restrictions.
A. 
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License you are granted a limited non-exclusive license to 
install and use one copy of the Apple Software on each computer owned or controlled by you. 
To the extent 
that the Apple Software may be used to reproduce materials, such use is limited to reproduction of non-
copyrighted materials, materials in which you own the copyright, or materials you are authorized or legally 
permitted to reproduce.
This License does not allow the Apple Software to exist on more than one computer 
at a time, and you may not make the Apple Software available over a network where it could be used by 
multiple computers at the same time. You may make one copy of the Apple Software in machine-readable 
form for backup purposes only; provided that the backup copy must include all copyright or other proprietary 
notices contained on the original. 
In addition to the restrictions stated above, the Apple proprietary libraries ("Apple DLLs") included with the 
Apple Software are only licensed: (i) for use with the Apple Software; and (ii) for your personal use or internal 
business use in connection with your development of WebKit <
http://webkit.org/
>. You may not use the 
Apple DLLs for any other purpose, nor may you link, compile or otherwise combine the Apple DLLs with your 
own programs, modify, rent, release, lend, sublicense or otherwise redistribute the Apple DLLs, in whole or in 
part. 
B.
Certain components of the Apple Software, and third party open source programs included with the Apple 
Software, have been or may be made available by Apple on its Open Source web site (
http://
www.opensource.apple.com/
) (collectively the "Open-Sourced Components"). You may modify or replace 
only these Open-Sourced Components; provided that: (i) the resultant modified Apple Software is used, in 
place of the unmodified Apple Software, on a single computer; and (ii) you otherwise comply with the terms 
of this License and any applicable licensing terms governing use of the Open-Sourced Components. Apple 
is not obligated to provide any updates, maintenance, warranty, technical or other support, or services for 
the resultant modified Apple Software.
You expressly acknowledge that if failure or damage to Apple hardware results from modification of the 
Open-Sourced Components of the Apple Software, such failure or damage is excluded from the terms of the 
Apple hardware warranty.
C. You may not and you agree not to, or to enable others to, copy except as expressly permitted by this 
License), decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, decrypt, modify, 
create derivative works of the Apple Software, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent any 
foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or to the extent as may be permitted by licensing terms 
governing use of open-sourced components included with the Apple Software).  Any attempt to do so is a 
violation of the rights of Apple and its licensors of the Apple Software.
3. Transfer.
 You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the Apple Software. You may, 
however, make a one-time permanent transfer of all of your license rights to the Apple Software to another 
party, provided that: (a) the transfer must include all of the Apple Software, including all its component parts, 
original media (if any), printed materials and this License; (b) you do not retain any copies of the Apple 
Software, full or partial, including copies stored on a computer or other storage device; and (c) the party 
receiving the Apple Software reads and agrees to accept the terms and conditions of this License. All 
components of the Apple Software are provided as part of a bundle and may not be separated from the 
bundle and distributed as standalone applications.  
Updates: 
If an Apple Software update completely replaces (full install) a previously licensed version of the 
Apple Software, you may not use both versions of the Apple Software at the same time nor may you transfer 
them separately.
Academic Copies:
 If the Apple Software package has an academic label or if you acquired the Apple 
Software at an academic discount, you must be an Eligible Educational End User to use the Apple Software. 
"Eligible Educational End Users" means students, faculty, staff and administration attending and/or working 
at an educational institutional facility (i.e., college campus, public or private K-12 schools).
4. Consent to Use of Data. 
A. 
Diagnostic and Usage Data
.
You agree that Apple and its subsidiaries and agents may collect, maintain, 
process and use diagnostic, technical, usage and related information, including but not limited to information 
about your computer, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to 
facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other services to you (if any) related to the 
Apple Software, and to verify compliance with the terms of this License. Apple may use this information, as 
long as it is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you, to provide and improve 
Apple’s products and services. To enable Apple’s partners and third party developers to improve their 
software, hardware and services designed for use with Apple products, Apple may also provide any such 
partner or third party developer with a subset of diagnostic information that is relevant to that partner’s or 
developer’s software, hardware and/or services, as long as the diagnostic information is in a form that does 
not personally identify you.
B. 
Location Data
. Apple and its partners, licensees, third party developers and websites may provide certain 
services through the Apple Software that rely upon location information. To provide and improve these 
services, where available, Apple and its partners, licensees, third party developers and websites may 
transmit, collect, maintain, process and use your location data, including the real-time geographic location of 
the device or computer on which the Apple Software is used and location search queries. The location data 
and queries collected by Apple are collected in a form that does not personally identify you and may be used 
by Apple and its partners, licensees, third party developers and websites to provide and improve location-
based products and services. 
By using the location-based features of the Apple Software, you agree and 
consent to Apple’s and its partners’, licensees’, third party developers’ and websites’ transmission, 
collection, maintenance, processing and use of your location data and queries to provide and improve 
location-based products and services. 
You may withdraw this consent at any time by disabling the 
Location Services setting in the Apple Software. The Location Services setting is found in the Privacy pane 
within the Apple Software’s Preferences menu. Not using these features will not impact the non location-
based functionality of the Apple Software. If a website is not an Apple website, Apple has no control over 
that website, its privacy practices or its use of your location data. When accessing third party websites that 
use or provide your location data, you are subject to and should review that website’s terms of use and 
privacy policy to understand how they treat your location data.
C. At all times your information will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy which can be viewed 
at: 
http://www.apple.com/privacy/
.
5. Termination.
 This License is effective until terminated. Your rights under this License will terminate 
automatically or otherwise cease to be effective without notice from Apple if you fail to comply with any term
(s) of this License. Upon the termination of this License, you shall cease all use of the Apple Software and 
destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Apple Software. Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 11 and 12 of this License 
survive any such termination.
6. Services and Third Party Materials.
