Acceptance

Please read these terms of use carefully before using this website. By using the creatrixcampus.com web site (Service) you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Use"). "This website is brought to you (User) by Anubavam Technologies Private Limited, 141 Kamarajar Street, Indira Nagar, Valasaravakkam, Chennai-600087, India. If you do not accept these Terms, please do not use this website.

Website usage

The service provider reserves the right to update and change the Terms of Use from time to time without notice. Any new features that augment or enhance the current service, including the release of new tools and resources, shall be subject to the Terms of Use. Continued use of the service after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.

By using the website, you unconditionally agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. We may at its sole discretion at any time without notice change the format and content of this website and/or the services and suspend the operation of the website and/or the services in order to undertake repair or maintenance work, or in order to update or upgrade the contents or functionality of the website and/or the services.

Unlawful use

You are prohibited from using or transmitting from the website for any improper or unlawful purposes that would violate any law;
You may not use this website to publish, post, upload, email, distribute, disseminate or otherwise transmit, information or pictures that are indecent, inappropriate, obscene, pornographic, objectionable, threatening, menacing, harassing, stalking, racist, offensive, defamatory, libelous, infringing or are alleged to be violate the legal right of others, or otherwise unlawful;
You may not upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or software or programs other materials that may damage or adversely affect the operation of another person's computer, our sites, any software or hardware, or telecommunications equipment or in breach of any intellectual property rights or in breach of confidence;
You are prohibited to download any file or materials, recompile or disassemble or otherwise affect our products posted by another user that you know, or reasonably should know cannot be used legally;
You may not engage in any other behavior likely to inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the website or the services or that is otherwise likely to damage or destroy the reputation of the website;
You may not advertise or offer to sell goods or services for any commercial purpose unless you have our written consent to do so;
You may not remove, falsify or delete any product identification or author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary rights or any restriction on or in the Supplies and/or the website or identification or labels of the origin or the source of software or other material;
You may not remove any copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property right notices contained in material on the website or Supplies;
You may not collect or store personal information about other end users;
You may not interfere with or disrupt our sites, servers, or networks;
You are prohibited to impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a representative of Anubavam, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
You may not make copies, modify, reproduce, republish, post, transmit, distribute or manipulate identifiers, or alter all or any part of the website or any materials contained on it in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through our sites or to manipulate your presence on our sites;
You may not take any action that imposes an unreasonably or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
You may not engage in any illegal activities.
Trademarks, Service marks, Logos, etc.

This website (including the software used to operate it) and the trademarks, service marks, graphics, logos and any information or material used in connection with the website are trademarks or registered trademarks of Creatrix Campus and/or its licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. You are not granted any right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any of Creatrix Campus or third-party trademarks. If you believe that material located on or linked to by creatrixcampus.com violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify Creatrix Campus. Anubavam will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material.

Privacy Policy

Creatrix Campus is concerned about your privacy and has developed a policy to address privacy concerns. For more information, please see Creatrix Campus’s Privacy Policy. Creatrix Campus’s Privacy Policy applies to the use of this website and its terms are made a part of these Terms by this reference. Any personal information collected on this website may be accessed and stored globally and will be treated in accordance with Creatrix Campus’s Privacy Policy. Additionally, by using this website, you acknowledge and agree that internet transmissions are never completely private or secure. You understand that any message or information you send to this website may be read or intercepted by others.

Limitations of liability

In no case will the services of creatrixcampus.com or its directors, employees or other representatives, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for any special, incidental or consequential damages. In no event will creatrixcampus.com will not exclude or limit in any way our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for our fraudulent misrepresentation or concealment or for any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited by applicable laws arising out of the information, bargain, loss of opportunity, loss of use of computer equipment, by our maintenance on the servers or the technology that underlies our sites, failures of our service providers (including telecommunications, hosting, and power providers), computer viruses, natural disasters or other destruction or damage of our facilities, acts of nature, war, civil disturbance, or any other cause beyond our reasonable control or the opinions or conclusions held or made, any websites linked to this site, any use of this web site, or the content contained at any, or any personal objects resulting from the downloading of material or accessing any information or material, services and quality of servers, games, products, services or sites, or all such sites is linked, including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, or loss of software or data, loss of or waste of management or other staff time, or for any indirect, consequential or special loss.

Indemnity

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Creatrix Campus, its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses or expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, made against Creatrix Campus by any third-party due to or arising out of or in connection with your use of this website or content, your violation of these Terms or any additional rules, guidelines or terms of use applicable to a specific area of the website or content provided on or through this website, or your violation or infringement of any third-party rights.

Disclaimer of warranties

You expressly understand and agree that:

You will comply with all directions and instructions given by Creatrix Campus in relation to the use of and access to the website and the services. Except where prohibited by applicable law, Creatrix Campus does not promise that this web site or any content, service or feature of this web site might contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors.
Timely or uninterrupted, or that any defects will be corrected, or that your use of this web site will provide specific results. This website and the information provided within are provided “as is” and “as available” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement. Creatrix Campus cannot ensure that any files or other data you download from this web site will be free of viruses or contamination or destructive features. Creatrix Campus assumes no legal responsibility for accuracy, correctness, legitimacy, legality, validity, reliability, quality, stability, completeness, correctness, or content of this website and the materials provided on this website. This website may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Creatrix Campus reserves the right to do any of the following, at any time, without notice: (1) to modify, suspend or terminate operation of or access to this web site, or any portion of this web site, for any reason; (2) to modify or change this web site, or any portion of this web site, and any applicable policies or terms; and (3) to interrupt the operation of this web site, or any portion of this web site, as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance, error correction, or other changes. Creatrix Campus may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) described in this web site at any time. Creatrix Campus reserves the right to make changes or updates to, and monitor the use of, the site and content provided on or through this web site at any time without notice.
Any content accessed, downloaded or otherwise obtained on or through this web site is used at your own discretion and risk. Creatrix Campus shall have no responsibility for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download or use of content.
Anubavam disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the website and will not be liable for the content of any communications or messages received by you from other users.
Termination

Violation of any of the terms below will result in the automatic termination of your authorization to use this website and the services at any time and without notice, for any reason whatsoever. Anubavam also reserves the right to bar anyone from using this web site and the services. While service provider prohibits such conduct and Content on the Service, you understand and agree that the service provider cannot be responsible for the content posted on the service and you nonetheless may be exposed to such materials. Upon termination, you must immediately cease using the site and destroy all materials including all copies and any information about or obtained from this website and the Services under these terms of use or otherwise. You may not use the site in any way that is unlawful, or harms us or any other person or entity, as determined in our sole discretion. You agree to use the website at your own risk.

General

Creatrix Campus reserves the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or delete portions of these terms of use at any time without notice. We will post a notice of any such amendments on this website and such amended terms and conditions will automatically be effective and it is your responsibility to review these terms of use for any changes. Your use of the site following any amendment of these terms of use will signify and constitute your consent to and acceptance of such revised terms of use and supersede all previous agreements, understandings and representations relating to their subject matter.

Contact

You may contact Creatrix Campus about any problems or questions with this website at: info@creatrixcampus.com
