User Privacy Notice

If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request - opens in new window or tab.

eBay is committed to your privacy. This privacy notice explains our collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information.
 
Scope

This privacy notice applies to any eBay website, application, service, or tool (collectively "Services") where this privacy notice is referenced, regardless of how you access or use them, including through mobile devices.
Learn more: Scope
 
Personal information we collect Personal information we collect  

What is personal information?

Personal Information is information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

We do not consider personal information to include information that has been anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer be used to identify a specific natural person, whether in combination with other information or otherwise.

We collect personal information from you when you use our Services.
Learn more: Personal information we collect
 
How we use your personal information How we use your personal information  

We use your personal information to provide and improve our Services, provide you with a personalized experience on our sites, contact you about your account and our Services, provide you customer service, provide you with personalized advertising and marketing, and to detect, prevent, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities.
Learn more: How we use your personal information
 
Your choices about how we use your personal information
Your choices about how we use your personal information
 

You have choices about how we use your personal information to communicate with you, to send you marketing information, how we provide you with customized and relevant advertising, and whether you want to stay signed into your account.
Learn more: Your choices about how we use your personal information
 
Ways you can access, control, and correct your personal information
Ways you can access, control, and correct your personal information
 

We respect your right to access, correct, request deletion or request restriction of our usage of your personal information as required by applicable law. We also take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date.

    You have the right to know what personal information we maintain about you
    We will provide you with a copy of your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format on request
    If your personal information is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to ask us to update it
    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal information
    You can also ask us to delete or restrict how we use your personal information, but this right is determined by applicable law and may impact your access to some of our Services

Learn more: Ways you can access, control, and correct your personal information
 
How we might share your personal information How we might share your personal information  

We may disclose your personal information to other members of the eBay Inc. corporate family or to third parties. This disclosure may be required for us to provide you access to our Services, to comply with our legal obligations, to enforce our User Agreement, to facilitate our marketing and advertising activities, or to prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities related to our Services. We attempt to minimize the amount of personal information we disclose to what is directly relevant and necessary to accomplish the specified purpose. We do not sell, rent, or otherwise disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing and advertising purposes without your consent.
Learn more: How we might share your personal information
 
How long we keep your personal information How long we keep your personal information  

We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the Services you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our policies.
Learn more: How long we keep your personal information
 
Cookies & Similar Technologies Cookies & Similar Technologies  

When you visit or interact with our sites, services, applications, tools or messaging, we or our authorized service providers may use cookies and other similar technologies to help provide you with a better, faster, and safer experience, and for advertising and marketing purposes. You can read our full User Cookie Notice for more information.
 
How do we protect your personal information How do we protect your personal information  

We protect your personal information using technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration. Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access authorization controls. For more information about staying safe while buying and selling online, or to report an issue with your account please visit our Security Center - opens in new window or tab.
 
Global Privacy Standards Global Privacy Standards  

We have established a set of global privacy standards for all eBay Inc. companies known as our Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs). They are our commitment to protect your personal information and honor our privacy obligations within our eBay Inc. corporate family. More information about our BCRs and our global privacy standards is available at our eBay Privacy Center - opens in new window or tab.
 
Data Controllers and Data Protection Officers

Learn more about who is your data controller, and is responsible for the collection, use, disclosure, retention and protection of your personal information in accordance with our global privacy standards, this privacy notice, as well as any applicable national laws.
Learn more: Data Controllers and Data Protection Officers
 
Other important privacy information

This section describes some additional privacy information related to your use of our Services that you may find important.
