GOOD TO GO PARKING WEBSITE TERMS & CONDITIONS
1. Introduction
These terms and conditions ("Terms") (together with the documents expressly referred to in these Terms and our Privacy Notice) provide information about us and the legal terms and conditions on which apply to all bookings for "Good to Go Park and Ride", "Good to Go Meet and Greet" and "Good to Go Drop and Ride" car parking services (as defined below at paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 respectively and together the "Services") made via www.goodtogoparking.com (the "Website") or by calling us on 0344 335 0901.

1.2. These Terms will apply to any booking for the Services made by you on the Website or via telephone. They contain important information and specify those matters for which we do not accept responsibility so we recommend that you read these Terms carefully before booking to satisfy yourself that you accept them. We draw your attention in particular to our Cancellation Policy at clause 7. We also recommend that you print a copy of these Terms at the time of booking for your records.

1.3. Your booking is subject to these Terms as they apply at the time of your booking. We reserve the right to make changes to the Terms as displayed on the Website at any time, but this does not affect the Terms as they apply to your booking. Please do not assume that the Terms on the Website at a later date are the same Terms as those that are applicable to your booking. Every time you make a booking please check these Terms to ensure you understand the terms which will apply at that time.

2. Information about us
2.1. "Good To Go Parking" is a trading name of Heathrow Airport Limited, (Company Number: 01991017) which is referred to as "the Airport" in these Terms and is incorporated in England, its registered office is at The Compass Centre, Nelson Road, Heathrow Airport Limited, Hounslow, Middlesex, TW6 2GW. The VAT number for the Airport is 927 3654 04.

2.2. Good To Go Parking and the Website are owned and operated by the Airport. Any reference to Good To Go Parking in these Terms will mean Heathrow Airport Limited as the car parking operator.

2.3. In these Terms "you" and "your" refer to any person who makes a booking via the Website and "we", "us" and "our" refers to the Airport.

2.4. Should you need to contact us please either email us at hello@goodtogoparking.com or call us on 0344 335 0901.

3. Making a booking and Overstaying
3.1. To make a booking for the Services (a "Booking"), you can either make a Booking via the Website or you can call us on 0344 345 0901. The Booking pages will guide you through the steps you need to take to make a Booking with us.

3.2. All Bookings must be made by 23.59 on the day before the date of your intended entry time. Subject to paragraph 3.7 below, the length of the Booking must include a Saturday Night Stay. For the avoidance of doubt a Saturday Night Stay is defined as a period within your Booking that commences in advance of 19.00 on any given Saturday, continuing until at least 00.01 on the following Sunday, at a minimum.

3.3. Our booking process allows you to check and amend any errors before submitting your Booking. Please take the time to read and check your order at each page of the booking process.

3.4. After you make your Booking, you will receive an e-mail from us acknowledging that we have received your Booking. This confirmation is our acceptance of your order and it is at that point that the contract between you and the Airport will be formed (the "Contract").

3.5. When you make a Booking via the Website or by phone you will be given a unique booking reference number ("Booking Reference"). The Booking you make is non-transferable either from you to someone else or between different car parks and is valid only for the times, dates, car park and terminal specified in your Booking.

3.6. All prices for the Services shown are in pounds sterling and include VAT at the current rate. Prices may change from time to time, but changes will not affect a booking after you have received a Booking Reference from us.

3.7. The following terms provide further information about the price and additional charges:

(a) The Services are priced based on 24 hour periods. If your Booking includes part of a 24 hour period you will be charged for the complete 24 hour period. The number of 24 hour periods for which you will be charged when you pre-book is calculated on the basis of the times and the type of product you select when making your Booking.
(b) If your actual entry and/or exit times from the car park (or reception area where Good to Go Meet and Greet or Good to Go Drop and Ride have been booked) change from those specified in your Booking and as a result your actual time in the car park runs into an earlier and/or later 24 hour period over and above that booked, you will be liable for an additional charge (the "Additional Charge") for each preceding or subsequent period of 24 hours outside of your Booking, as follows:
(i) where the Good To Go Park and Ride Service has been booked, the Additional Charge shall be set at Heathrow’s Long Stay drive-up tariff (as detailed here). The Heathrow Long Stay drive-up tariff is also set out at the entrance to the car park;
(ii) where the Good To Go Meet and Greet Service has been booked, the Additional Charge shall be £6 pounds sterling; and
(iii) where the Good To Go Drop and Ride Service has been booked, the Additional Charge shall be £3 pounds sterling.
(c) Any Additional Charges for early entry or late return must be settled before you leave the car park or reception area. Please note that this applies irrespective of the reason why you are late back into the car park, unless your delayed return is caused by our negligence.
(d) A proportion of the charge you pay includes a Public Transport Levy which is used to develop public transport initiatives at Heathrow.
4. Good to Go Park & Ride
4.1. Good to Go Park & Ride is a self-park product which utilises spaces in the designated Heathrow Long Stay car park.

4.2. The following terms apply to the use of the Good To Go Park and Ride service:

(a) When you enter the gate to the car park, you must follow the instructions you have been issued with via email. Please be aware that some car parks use a number plate recognition service and if your number plate is not recognised or is not consistent with the number plate for which you have booked, you may not be allowed in.
(b) In accordance with the instruction you have been issued with via email, you should find an available space in the designated car park, park your vehicle yourself and keep your car keys;
(c) If you are issued with a car parking ticket on entry to the car park, please retain this in a safe place as you may need it to exit. On exit please follow the instructions issued to you at the time of booking.
(d) When you have parked your vehicle, it is your responsibility to:
i. lock your vehicle securely;
ii. fully close all windows and any sunroof;
iii. apply your handbrake properly;
iv. engage any steering lock, alarm or immobiliser you have;
v. not leave any animal or person within your vehicle; and
vi. ensure any possessions are locked in your boot and are not on display.
We cannot be held responsible for any loss or damage whatsoever occurring to your vehicle or possessions within it resulting from your failure to do these things. The Airport and its subcontractors do not accept any valuables or other articles for safe custody.

(e) You must drive carefully and responsibly in the car park. You must also ensure that any children and animals are properly supervised and are accompanied at all times when they are in the car park. Please take care to be aware of all vehicles in motion within the car park. You must comply with all signs giving directions and all other instructions when in the car park.
(f) While we use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the car parks are secure, we do not guarantee that they are a secure environment.
(g) We do not accept liability for:
i. damage to your vehicle (whether caused accidentally or by way of vandalism);
ii. theft of, or from, your vehicle,
while the vehicle is in the car park, unless such damage or theft is caused by the Airport’s negligence or the negligence of its agents or employees, and then only to the extent that our negligence has caused or contributed to the relevant damage or theft.

(h) If you fail to collect your vehicle more than 30 days after the date which you have specified for exit in the booking then, unless you make a written notification to us specifying:
i. the vehicle registration number;
ii. its approximate location of the vehicle within the car park;
iii. the reason for the delay in collection; and
iv. details of the expected (revised) collection date
we will deem the vehicle to have been abandoned. In such circumstances we shall give you at least 30 days’ notice in writing via the ‘signed for’ mail service (or equivalent) to the address that you provide at the time of booking. After the expiry of that notice period, we shall be entitled to remove and sell the vehicle and deduct from the proceeds our reasonable handling expenses as well as any unpaid sums for days in which the vehicle has been in the car park (calculated at the drive up tariff). We will then pay the balance to the credit card used for the booking (unless we are notified to do otherwise in writing). Our rights of disposal set out in these terms and conditions are in addition to any of our rights to dispose of unclaimed vehicles under the Torts (Interference with Goods) Act 1977.

(i) If your vehicle is parked in a manner which (in our reasonable opinion) is unsafe, is outside of a designated parking space, impedes the free flow of traffic in and around the car park or is in breach of any restriction marked on signage or on the ground in the car park (or otherwise brought to your attention), we may:
i. cause your vehicle to be removed without notice and you will be responsible for the costs of such removal and recovery; and/or
ii. issue a parking charge notice to you for such amount as may be published at the car park from time to time in respect of the relevant breach.
(j) The following are not permitted in the car park and we reserve the right to refuse to allow you to use the car park if you carry out any of these activities in the car park:
i. conducting any service work, cleaning or repairs to your vehicle;
ii. carrying out any business activity, including but not limited to in connection with selling, hiring or other disposal of your vehicle;
iii. filling or emptying of fuel tanks;
iv. misusing or damaging any part of the car park;
v. parking outside of a designated parking bay that is appropriate to your vehicle or parking in any way that is against the instructions of car park staff;
vi. driving dangerously or too fast;
vii. making unnecessary noise or nuisance, including playing music in a way that annoys other users of the car park or people living or working nearby;
viii. filming or taking photographs;
ix. cooking or lighting fires;
x. using the full facilities of a camper van, including but not limited to the toilet, bathroom and kitchen;
xi. doing or attempting to do anything which is a criminal offence;
xii. spending excessive time (as we may determine) in your vehicle in the car park. This includes sleeping in your vehicle.
4.3. You must abide by any additional terms of use of the car park that may be displayed in or around the car park. These may include, but are not limited to, terms regarding permissions to be in the car park and implications of parking in prohibited places.

4.4. A free bus transfer service (from your designated car park to your required terminal or from your terminal to your designated car park) is provided (the "Transfer Service"). The following terms apply to use of the Transfer Service:

(a) Please be aware that you need to leave an appropriate amount of time to reach the terminal building or designated car park using the Transfer Service. Guides to the estimated transfer time (based on normal traffic conditions) and the frequency of buses are set out on the Website at the time of Booking, but in addition to this you should ensure that you factor in time to find a parking space (or drop off your car at the designated reception if booking the Good To Go Drop Ride Service), get your luggage out of the car and walk to the relevant bus stop. We do not accept responsibility if you miss your flight, or any other transportation or if your airline check-in has closed because you have not left enough time to get to the required terminal building or designated car park;
(b) Please ensure that you remember to take all luggage off the bus when you arrive at your required terminal. We do not accept responsibility if you miss your flight, or any other transportation or your airline check-in has closed because you have to recover luggage which you have left on the bus;
(c) We do not accept liability for increased duration of transfer times from your designated car park to the terminal building (or vice versa) which are caused by exceptional volumes of traffic, road works or accidents, mechanical breakdown or failure, adverse weather conditions or staff shortages (howsoever caused); and
(d) Please make sure that you board the correct Transfer Service as not all buses call at all terminals or car parks;
4.5. We reserve the right to move any vehicle within or outside the car park to the extent that we deem necessary to carry out the efficient management of the car park.

5. Good to Go Meet & Greet
5.1. The Good to Go Meet & Greet service is a valet parking service where you drop your car off in the designated reception area and our employee or subcontractor will park your car for you, utilising spaces in a designated Heathrow car park, as determined by Heathrow.

5.2. When you have parked your vehicle at the reception area, it is your responsibility to:

(a) follow the instructions you have been issued with via email;
(b) lock your vehicle securely (but leave the key(s) with us);
(c) fully close all windows and any sunroof of your vehicle;
(d) apply your handbrake properly;
(e) engage any steering lock, alarm or immobiliser you have;
(f) not leave any animal or person within your vehicle; and
(g) ensure that you have removed all of your luggage that you are taking with you, and ensure that any possessions are locked in your boot and are not on display.
We cannot be held responsible for any loss or damage whatsoever occurring to your vehicle or possessions within it resulting from your failure to do these things. The Airport and its subcontractors do not accept any valuables or other articles for safe custody.

5.3. If you are issued with a car parking ticket on entry to the reception area, please retain this in a safe place as you may need it to exit. On exit please follow the instructions issued to you at the time of booking.

5.4. You must comply with all signs giving directions and all other instructions when in the reception area.

5.5. Once you have complied with paragraphs 5.2 to 5.4, you can then walk from the reception area directly to the required terminal. Walking distances and times vary according to terminal and are as advised on the Website at the time of Booking.

5.6. Subject to Paragraphs 5.7 and 5.8, while we use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the car parks are secure, we do not guarantee that they are a secure environment.

5.7. After it has been left with us, we are responsible for ensuring that your car is parked and driven carefully. The Airport and its subcontractors are insured for any loss or damage to your vehicle which occurs as a result of the negligent driving of the Airport’s employees and subcontractors who are providing the Good To Go Meet and Greet Service. As such, we will pay to you the reasonable cost of repairing any damage to your vehicle which is caused by the negligent driving of its employees and subcontractors while they are providing the Meet & Greet service, up to the limit set out in Paragraph 9.6.

5.8. Except as set out in Paragraph 5.7 above, we do not accept liability for damage to your vehicle (whether caused accidentally or by way of vandalism) while the vehicle is in the car park/reception area.

5.9. We do not accept liability for theft of or from your vehicle unless you have entrusted the keys of the car to us and then only where the keys have been used in order to carry out the theft.

5.10. You should ensure that you leave with our employees or subcontractors your ignition key, the key to your driver’s door and the key for any security or immobilisation device fitted to your vehicle, and no other key. The Airport and its subcontractors accept no liability for any loss or damage suffered by you where you leave other keys with us.

5.11. By leaving your vehicle with our employees or subcontractors, you warrant that the vehicle is and at all times while in our custody shall be roadworthy, has a valid MOT, has the relevant road tax paid and your vehicle is properly insured so as to comply with all relevant legislation in the United Kingdom. If we (or our subcontractors) suffer any claims, losses, damages, costs and/or expenses ("Losses") as a result of any breach of this Paragraph 5 you will be liable to pay to us the full amount of those Losses on an indemnity basis. You accept liability for all harm suffered by third parties as a result of any breach of this Paragraph 5.

5.12. We reserve the right to move any vehicle within or outside the designated car park to the extent that we deem necessary to carry out the efficient management of the car park.

5.13. If you fail to collect your vehicle more than 30 days after the date which you have specified for exit in the booking then, unless you make a written notification to us specifying:

(a) the vehicle registration number;
(b) the reason for the delay in collection; and
(c) details of the expected (revised) collection date
we will deem the vehicle to have been abandoned. In such circumstances we shall give you at least 30 days’ notice in writing via the ‘signed for’ mail service (or equivalent) to the address that you provide at the time of booking. After the expiry of that notice period, we shall be entitled to remove and sell the vehicle and deduct from the proceeds our reasonable handling expenses as well as any unpaid sums for days in which the vehicle has been in the car park (calculated at the drive up tariff). We will then pay the balance to the credit card used for the booking (unless we are notified to do otherwise in writing). Our rights of disposal set out in these terms and conditions are in addition to any of our rights to dispose of unclaimed vehicles under the Torts (Interference with Goods) Act 1977.

5.14. The following are not permitted in our reception areas or car parks and we reserve the right to refuse to allow you to use the Services if you carry out any of these activities in the reception areas or car park:

i. conducting any service work, cleaning or repairs to your vehicle;
ii. carrying out any business activity, including but not limited to in connection with selling, hiring or other disposal of your vehicle;
iii. filling or emptying of fuel tanks;
iv. misusing or damaging any part of the car park;
v. parking outside of a designated parking bay that is appropriate to your vehicle or parking in any way that is against the instructions of car park staff;
vi. driving dangerously or too fast;
vii. making unnecessary noise or nuisance, including playing music in a way that annoys other users of the car park or people living or working nearby;
viii. filming or taking photographs;
ix. cooking or lighting fires;
x. using the full facilities of a camper van, including but not limited to the toilet, bathroom and kitchen;
xi. doing or attempting to do anything which is a criminal offence;
xii. spending excessive time (as we may determine) in your vehicle in the car park. This includes sleeping in your vehicle.
6. Good To Go Drop & Ride
6.1. The Good to Go Drop & Ride service is a parking service where you drop your car off in the designated reception area and our employee or subcontractor will park your car for you, utilising spaces in a designated Heathrow car park, as determined by Heathrow.

6.2. When you have parked your vehicle at the reception area, it is your responsibility to:

(a) follow the instructions you have been issued with via email;
(b) lock your vehicle securely (but leave the key(s) with us);
(c) fully close all windows and any sunroof of your vehicle;
(d) apply your handbrake properly;
(e) engage any steering lock, alarm or immobiliser you have;
(f) not leave any animal or person within your vehicle; and
(g) ensure that you have removed all of your luggage that you are taking with you and ensure that any possessions are locked in your boot and are not on display.
We cannot be held responsible for any loss or damage whatsoever occurring to your vehicle or possessions within it resulting from your failure to do these things. The Airport and its subcontractors do not accept any valuables or other articles for safe custody.

6.3. If you are issued with a car parking ticket on entry to the reception area, please retain this in a safe place as you may need it to exit. On exit please follow the instructions issued to you at the time of booking.

6.4. You must comply with all signs giving directions and all other instructions when in the reception area.

6.5. Subject to Paragraphs 6.6 and 6.7, while we use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the car parks are secure, we do not guarantee that they are a secure environment.

6.6. After it has been left with us, we are responsible for ensuring that your car is parked and driven carefully. The Airport and its subcontractors are insured for any loss or damage to your vehicle which occurs as a result of the negligent driving of the Airport’s employees and subcontractors who are providing the Good To Go Drop and Ride Service. As such, we will pay to you the reasonable cost of repairing any damage to your vehicle which is caused by the negligent driving of its employees and subcontractors while they are providing the Meet & Greet service, up to the limit set out in Paragraph 9.6.

6.7. Except as set out in Paragraph 6.6 above, we do not accept liability for damage to your vehicle (whether caused accidentally or by way of vandalism) while the vehicle is in the car park/reception area.

6.8. We do not accept liability for theft of or from your vehicle unless you have entrusted the keys of the car to us and then only where the keys have been used in order to carry out the theft.

6.9. You should ensure that you leave with our employees or subcontractors your ignition key, the key to your driver’s door and the key for any security or immobilisation device fitted to your vehicle, and no other key. The Airport and its subcontractors accept no liability for any loss or damage suffered by you where you leave other keys with us.

6.10. By leaving your vehicle with our employees or subcontractors, you warrant that the vehicle is and at all times while in our custody shall be roadworthy, has a valid MOT, has the relevant road tax paid, and your vehicle is properly insured so as to comply with all relevant legislation in the United Kingdom. If we (or our subcontractors) suffer any claims, losses, damages, costs and/or expenses ("Losses") as a result of any breach of this Paragraph 5 you will be liable to pay to us the full amount of those Losses on an indemnity basis. You accept liability for all harm suffered by third parties as a result of any breach of this Paragraph 6.

6.11. We reserve the right to move any vehicle within or outside the designated car park to the extent that we deem necessary to carry out the efficient management of the car park.

6.12. If you fail to collect your vehicle more than 30 days after the date which you have specified for exit in the booking then, unless you make a written notification to us specifying:

(a) the vehicle registration number;
(b) the reason for the delay in collection; and
(c) details of the expected (revised) collection date
we will deem the vehicle to have been abandoned. In such circumstances we shall give you at least 30 days’ notice in writing via the ‘signed for’ mail service (or equivalent) to the address that you provide at the time of booking. After the expiry of that notice period, we shall be entitled to remove and sell the vehicle and deduct from the proceeds our reasonable handling expenses as well as any unpaid sums for days in which the vehicle has been in the car park (calculated at the drive up tariff). We will then pay the balance to the credit card used for the booking (unless we are notified to do otherwise in writing). Our rights of disposal set out in these terms and conditions are in addition to any of our rights to dispose of unclaimed vehicles under the Torts (Interference with Goods) Act 1977.

6.13. The following are not permitted our reception areas or car parks and we reserve the right to refuse to allow you to use the Services if you carry out any of these activities in the reception areas or car park:

i. conducting any service work, cleaning or repairs to your vehicle;
ii. carrying out any business activity, including but not limited to in connection with selling, hiring or other disposal of your vehicle;
iii. misusing or damaging any part of the car park;
vi. parking outside of a designated parking bay that is appropriate to your vehicle or parking in any way that is against the instructions of car park staff;
v. driving dangerously or too fast;
vi. making unnecessary noise or nuisance, including playing music in a way that annoys other users of the car park or people living or working nearby;
vii. filming or taking photographs;
viii. cooking or lighting fires;
ix. using the full facilities of a camper van, including but not limited to the toilet, bathroom and kitchen;
x. doing or attempting to do anything which is a criminal offence;
xi. spending excessive time (as we may determine) in your vehicle in the car park. This includes sleeping in your vehicle.
6.14. A Transfer Service to your required terminal or car park is provided as set out in paragraph 4.4 above.

7. Cancellations or changes to pre-bookings for the Services
7.1. You have a legal right to cancel the Booking under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013 within 14 days after your Booking (the "Cancellation Period"). This means that if you change your mind during the Cancellation Period, or decide for any other reason that you do not want to keep your booking before the Service commences, you can notify us of your decision to cancel the Booking and receive a refund. Advice about your legal right to cancel the contract is available from your local Citizens’ Advice Bureau or Trading Standards office.

7.2. If you have booked a Service that is set to commence on a date that is within the Cancellation Period, you are requesting that your Service begins during the Cancellation Period. If the Service has commenced during the Cancellation Period, you may have lost your right to cancel the booking and the right to receive a refund. If you cancel your order after you have entered the car park or reception area, but before the end of the Cancellation Period, you will be liable to pay for your Booking in proportion to the Services received. You will not be able to cancel any Service after it has been fully performed within the Cancellation Period.

7.3. Should you wish to cancel or make changes to your booking or part of it during the Cancellation Period you may do so via the following methods:

(a) You may use the "Manage my booking" section of the Website; and
by telephoning us on 0344 335 0901 or emailing us at hello@goodtogoparking.com and telling us that you wish to cancel,
providing that you quote your Booking Reference number. Please note, without your booking Reference number we will not be able to process your change or cancellation.

7.4. You may also use the following cancellation form (the "Cancellation Form"). This form is also supplied electronically at the "Manage my booking" section of the Website and in your e-mail booking confirmation:

To
Good To Go Parking
a trading name of Heathrow Airport Limited,
The Compass Centre,
Nelson Road,
London Heathrow Airport,
Hounslow, TW6 2GW.
I [*] hereby give notice that I [*] cancel my [*] Booking for Good To Go car parking services
Ordered on [*]
Name of customer	
Address of customer	
Signature of customer (only if form is notified on paper)	
Date	
* Delete as appropriate	
Instructions for use of Cancellation Form

Right to cancel

You have the right to cancel the Contract within 14 days without giving any reason.

The cancellation period will expire after 14 days from the day of the formation of the Contract.

To exercise the right to cancel, you must inform us, Good To Go Parking, (a trading name of Heathrow Airport Limited) of your decision to cancel this contract by a clear statement (e.g. a letter sent by post or e-mail). You may use the above cancellation form, but it is not obligatory.

You can also electronically fill in and submit the model cancellation form or any other clear statement via the "Manage my Booking" section of the Website. If you use this option, we will communicate to you an acknowledgement of receipt of such a cancellation on a durable medium (e.g. by e-mail) without delay.

To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired.

Effects of cancellation

If you cancel your Booking, where the Service or any part of the Service has not been provided to you, we will refund to you all payments received from you. However, if you cancel your booking and the Service or any part of the Service has been supplied to you we may make a deduction from the refund to reflect the Service provided.

We will process any refund due to you without undue delay, and not later than 14 days after the day on which we are informed about your decision to cancel your Booking.

We will make the refund using the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of the reimbursement.

If you requested to begin the performance of services during the cancellation period, you shall pay us an amount which is in proportion to the service that has been provided to you until you have communicated to us your request to cancel your Booking, in comparison with the full service proposed in your Booking.

7.5. After the expiry of the Cancellation Period your Booking will be non-refundable. (Please visit heathrow.com/parking for information on flexible car parking at the Airport).

7.6. If you wish to amend your Booking after the expiry of the Cancellation Period, where you require a change in the number of days of Booking we must receive notice of your change to your Booking by 23.59 on the day before your intended entry time as recorded in your Booking. If you do not give Good to Go this required advance notice, your Booking will be non-amendable and you may have to pay an additional amount relevant to any additional parking days to those indicated in your Booking.

7.7. No refund will be made if a Booking has not been redeemed for any reason or cancelled in accordance with these Terms following procedures set out above. Any days booked and left unused will not be refunded. Any refunds will be made to the original card on which payment was made.

7.8. If we cancel your booking for a reason within the Airport’s direct control and not due to an event beyond our control (see Paragraph 8 below) then we will refund the amount we have received from your pre-booking to you on the card on which payment was made.

8. Events beyond our control
8.1. We do not accept liability for any failure to perform our obligations, or delay in our performance due to an event beyond our reasonable control. A non-exhaustive list of such events includes war or threat of war, riots, civil strife, terrorist threats or activity, industrial disputes, natural and nuclear disaster, fire, adverse weather conditions, volcanic eruption or ash cloud, government regulations, closure or congestion of airports (where this is not within our reasonable control) and/or cancellation or changes of schedules by airlines.

8.2. Except as expressly stated in these Terms (including your cancellation rights at Paragraph 7), we shall not be obliged to either refund any pre-payment by you or make any other change to your booking in the event that you wish to amend or cancel your booking due to an event of the kind listed in Paragraph 8.1.

9. Our liability to you
9.1. We will act with reasonable skill and care when providing services to you.

9.2. If we fail to comply with these Terms, we are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breach of these Terms or our negligence, but we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if they were an obvious consequence of our breach or if they were contemplated by you and us at the time we entered into the Contract.

9.3. We are not responsible for loss or damage to the extent that the loss or damage is caused by your breach of these Terms, or your negligence.

9.4. We only supply car parking services for your personal use. We have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, loss of a bargain, or loss of business opportunity.

9.5. Nothing in these Terms limits our liability in the case of death or personal injury caused by our negligence, fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.

9.6. Unless Paragraph 9.5 above applies, our liability to you for the provision of car parking, valet parking, meet and greet services, priority security or lounge services shall be limited to an aggregate of £50,000.

10. General
10.1. You may only make a booking on the Website if you are at least 18 years old.

10.2. Any contract made between you and us via the Website is governed by English law. These Terms (and any contract between you and us) are only in the English language. You and we both agree that any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it will be governed by English law. You and we both agree the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction.

10.3. These Terms, along with all other relevant terms and conditions that are referred to in these Terms and information provided on the Website constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the sale of the relevant services.

10.4. This contract is between you and us. No other person shall have any right to enforce any of its terms whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise.

10.5. Links to third party websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics or services that may be useful to users of the Website, and we have no control over the content on such other websites. Links to other sites do not imply any responsibility for the opinions, ideas, products, information or services offered on such sites, or any representation regarding the content on such sites. These links are provided to you as a convenience only. You are responsible for complying with the terms of use of those sites. We make no warranties, either express or implied, concerning the content of such sites.

10.6. We only use your personal information in accordance our Privacy Notice. For details, please see our privacy notice. Please take the time to read this, as it includes important terms which apply to you.

10.7. As a consumer, you have legal rights in relation to products that are not as described. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or Trading Standards office. Nothing in these Terms will affect these legal rights.

10.8. Each of the paragraphs of these Terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.

10.9. In so far as it is not possible to contractually agree otherwise, your statutory rights are not affected by these terms and conditions.

These online terms and conditions were last updated Feb 2017.
