Personal Information
“Grofers” is a trademark of Grofers India Private Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 with its registered office at  Plot 64H, Sector 18, Gurgaon -122001 (Company). The domain name www.grofers.com is owned by the Company.

It is hereby clarified that Grofers India Private Limited does not have any relation with the mark ‘GROFFR’, which (we are given to understand) is used by Redstone Consultancy Services Pvt Ltd for its real estate services business, which is not related to Grofers India Private Limited in any manner.

It is strongly recommended that you read and understand these ‘Terms of Use’ carefully, as by accessing this site (hereinafter the “Marketplace”), you agree to be bound by the same and acknowledge that it constitutes an agreement between you and the Company (hereinafter the “User Agreement”). If you do not agree with this User Agreement, you should not use or access the Marketplace for any purpose whatsoever.

This document is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 of the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011. The User Agreement may be updated from time to time by the Company without notice. It is therefore strongly recommended that you review the User Agreement, as available on the Marketplace, each time you access and/or use the Marketplace.

The terms ‘visitor(s)’, ‘user(s)’, ‘you’ hereunder refer to the person visiting, accessing, browsing through and/or using the Marketplace at any point in time.

Should you have any clarifications regarding the Terms of Use, please do not hesitate to contact us at info@grofers.com. 

Services Overview
The Marketplace is a platform for domestic consumers to transact with third party sellers, who have been granted access to the Marketplace to display and offer products for sale through the Marketplace. For abundant clarity, the Company does not provide any services to users other than providing the Marketplace as a platform to transact at their own cost and risk, and other services as may be specifically be notified in writing.

The Company is not and cannot be a party to any transaction between you and the third party sellers, or have any control, involvement or influence over the products purchased by you from such third party sellers or the prices of such products charged by such third-party sellers. The Company therefore disclaims all warranties and liabilities associated with any products offered on the Marketplace.

Services on the Marketplace are available to only select geographies in India, and are subject to restrictions based on business hours and days of third party sellers.

Transactions through the Marketplace may be subject to a delivery charge where the minimum order size is not met. You will be informed of such delivery charge at the stage of check-out for a transaction through the Marketplace.

Eligibility
Persons who are “incompetent to contract” within the meaning of the Indian Contract Act, 1872 including minors, un-discharged insolvents etc. are not eligible to use/access the Marketplace.

However, if you are a minor, i.e. under the age of 18 years, you may use/access the Marketplace under the supervision of an adult parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms of Use. You are however prohibited (even under provision) from purchasing any product(s) which is for adult consumption, the sale of which to minors is prohibited.

The Marketplace is intended to be a platform for end-consumers desirous of purchasing product(s) for domestic self-consumption. If you are a retailer, institution, wholesaler or any other business user, you are not eligible to use the Marketplace to purchase products from third-party sellers, who have been granted access to the Marketplace to display and offer their products for sale through the Marketplace.

The Company, in its sole discretion and without liability, reserves the right to terminate or refuse your registration, or refuse to permit use/access to the Marketplace, if: (i) it is discovered or brought to notice that you do not conform to the eligibility criteria, or (ii) the Company has reason to believe (including through evaluating usage patterns) that the eligibility criteria is not met/is violated by a user, or (iii) may breach the terms of this User Agreement.

In order to determine compliance with eligibility criteria, the Company inter alia uses an algorithm and/or pre-determined criteria based technology and accordingly, from time to time, your usage may be restricted or blocked on account of overlap with such algorithms/pre-determined criteria. In such cases, if you are a genuine domestic user of the Platform, please contact us for assistance.

License & Access
The Company grants you a limited sub-license to access and make personal use of the Marketplace, but not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express prior written consent of the Company. Such limited sublicense does not include/permit any resale or commercial use of the Marketplace or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of the Marketplace or its contents; any downloading or copying of information for the benefit of another third party; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. The Marketplace or any portion of the Marketplace may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express prior written consent of the Company. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of the Marketplace or of the Company and/or its affiliates without the express prior written consent of the Company. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing the Company’s name or trademarks without the express prior written consent of the Company. You shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Marketplace, or any other systems or networks connected to the Marketplace or to any server, computer, network, or to any of the services offered on or through the Marketplace, by hacking, ‘password mining’ or any other illegitimate means.

You hereby agree and undertake not to host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any information

belongs to another person and to which you do not have any right;

is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever;

harms minors in any way;

infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or another proprietary/intellectual property rights;

violates any law for the time being in force;

deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature;

impersonates another person;

contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource;

threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offense or prevents investigation of any offense or is insulting any other nation;

is misleading or known to be false in any way.

Any unauthorized use shall automatically terminate the permission or sub-license granted by the Company.

Account & Registration Obligations
All users must register and log in for placing orders on the Marketplace. You must keep your account and registration details current and correct for all communications related to your purchases from the Marketplace. By agreeing to the Terms of Use, the user agrees to receive promotional communication and newsletters from the Company and its partners. The user can opt out from such communication and/or newsletters either by or by contacting the customer services team of Marketplace and placing a request for the same.

As part of the registration process on the Marketplace, the Company may collect the following personally identifiable information about you, including but not limited to Name , email address, age, address mobile phone number and other contact details, demographic profile (like your age, gender, occupation, education, address etc.) and information about the pages on the Marketplace you visit/access, the links you click on the Marketplace, the number of times you access a particular page/feature and any such information. Information collected about you is subject to the Privacy Policy of the Company (https://grofers.com/privacy), which is incorporated in these Terms of Use by reference.

Pricing
The Company aims to ensure that prices of all products offered for sale are true and correct. However, from time to time, the prices of certain products may not be current or may be inaccurate on account of technical issues, typographical errors or incorrect product information provided to the Company by third-party seller. In each such case, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company reserves the right to cancel the order without any further liability.

Subject to the foregoing, the price mentioned at the time of ordering a product shall be the price charged at the time of delivery, provided that no product offered for sale on the Marketplace will be sold at a price higher than its MRP (Maximum Retail Price).

Order Limit
A customer is eligible to place 4 live orders.
A customer cannot place his 5th order if his 4 orders are still live.
Live order refers to all those orders which are not delivered.
Single customer can place 4 different orders at once.
Coupons and Promo Codes
From time to time, the Company may at its discretion offer a user promotional codes or coupons entitling you to encash the applicable value of such codes/coupons against purchases made on the Marketplace. Unless specifically stated on the code or coupon, a promotional code or coupon shall:

Expire at 12:00 AM (inclusive of the issuance date) from the date of issuance endorsed thereon;

Have a maximum discount or cashback value of INR 100.00 only.

At the time of using promotional codes and coupons for a purchase on the Marketplace, the payment mode “cash on delivery” shall not be available for making payments towards the order.

Grofers Cashback
These terms and conditions relating to eligibility for Cashback shall be in addition to and not in substitution of or derogation to the terms and conditions governing the use/access of Marketplace.

A user shall be entitled to cashback on a specific purchase/order as indicated at the time of checkout of the final order on the Marketplace.
No Cashback shall be available for orders which are canceled. Any Cashback offered may be recovered by the Company, without notice to the user, in such cases. Any Cashback offered for orders for which a refund claim is made, whether in part or in full, shall be adjusted to remove Cashback attributable to the extent of the order refunded. This condition shall apply strictly and notwithstanding the display of cashback on any specific item(s) listed on the Application as an item specific cashback.
Cashback shall mean the grant of credit for the amount of eligible cashback, shall be added to the users ‘Promotional/Cashback’ section of his/her ‘Grofers Wallet’ account, and shall in no event imply that the cashback shall be credited to a user’s bank account or card account or refunded in cash at any time. Grofers Wallet is powered by Citruspay and use thereof is subject to additional terms and conditions.
Cashback offers cannot be clubbed with any other offers and cannot be assigned/ transferred to any other person.
The Company reserves the right to, without liability or prejudice to any of its other rights, at any time, without previous notice and from time to time, withdraw/suspend / amend/cancel the Cashback offers, and the terms applicable thereto.
Cashback will reflect in a user’s Grofers Wallet account within 48-72 hours of the conclusion of an eligible successful transaction Cashback credit available is usable only on the Application and no other platform, website, store or otherwise. Promotional cashback credited can be subjected to expire at the discretion of Grofers.
Cashback will expire after a minimum duration of 60 days from last order unless specified or added through a separate campaign, which can be subject to a shorter expiry time.
Users shall not hold the Company or its group entities, or affiliates, their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, responsible for or liable for, any actions, claims, demands, losses, damages, costs, charges and expenses which a user claims to have suffered, sustained or incurred, or claims to suffer, sustain or incur, by way of and/or on account of any purchase made through the Application, whether with or without Cashback.
The Company does not in any manner endorse or support or promote, in any specific manner, the purchase of products or undertaking of transactions inter alia which are subject to Cashbacks.
Cashbacks are only available on versions 2.5 and above of the Application.
Cashback and discount codes are not applicable on ghee, edible oil, baby food products and any cashback amount used from Grofers Wallet while placing the order.
GROFERS20 is valid only for new users. 20% cashback on your first order. Maximum cashback is Rs.250. Minimum Order Value of Rs.500. Cashback will be credited to your Grofers Cash.
50% additional cashback, subject to maximum cashback of Rs. 150, for the value of the missing items in the order, delivered from Super Store will be credited to your Grofers Wallet within 48-72 hours of delivery. 
SHOP20 is valid only for new users. The minimum order value is Rs.1000. Valid in Gurgaon. Cashback will be credited to your Grofers Cash. Maximum cashback is Rs.250.

Grofers is now live with UPI 

Unified Payments Interface (UPI) is an instant real-time payment system developed by National Payments Corporation of India facilitating inter-bank transactions. The interface is regulated by the Reserve Bank of India and works by instantly transferring funds between two bank accounts on a mobile platform.
UPI is built over Immediate Payment Service (IMPS) for transferring fund.

How does it work?

UPI would appear as a separate tab on the Payment Options page on your android application
Once you click on the UPI option, it would scan your device to find out the UPI apps on your phone
You can choose one of the apps to pay for the order and complete the transaction
Refund against the transaction (if any) would be reflected in your respective account within 5-7 working days post initiation
TCA for 150% refund on Missing Items:
Subject to the terms and conditions and verified registered complaints, refund of 100% of the value of the product that is ordered by you but is not delivered, shall be credited to your Grofers Cash/Original Mode of payment.
Additionally 50% cashback of the value of the missing product(s), subject to the maximum of Rs. 150/-  per order, shall be credited to your Grofers Cash as Cashback post a day or two of delivery.
This offer applies only to orders placed on the Grofers application/website via Super Stores. This offer is not applicable for items listed under ‘Free Store’. 
The offer shall be subject to verification by the Offering Merchant in conjunction with Grofers.
This offer is valid till 31st October’18. 
The offer may get extended or withdrawn, at the sole discretion, without notice and force majeure events. 
Any disputes arising relating to or connected with this offer shall be subject to the dispute resolution mechanics set out in the terms and conditions of use of the Grofers application/website.
Terms and conditions for code THANKS100
Use Code THANKS100 to get Rs.100 Cashback on minimum order value of Rs.1500
Max cashback Rs.100
Min Order Rs.1500
Not  valid on Oil, Ghee, Baby Food and SBC membership.
 Smart Bachat Club:
1. How do I join the Smart Bachat Club?

To be a Smart Bachat Club member and enjoy shopping at wholesale prices, just add a membership plan to your cart. The membership will last until the duration of the plan. You can then purchase another plan before the end of your current plan to continue shopping at Bachat Club prices. 
*SBC price can be availed only if the order is marked as delivered. 

2. Is the fee recurring?

The fee is not recurring, which means that you don’t authorize us to charge you continuously (month-on-month). If you wish to renew or extend your membership, you can do so by buying an additional membership plan.

3. Are all products available under the Smart Bachat Club?

Currently, the most popular products and brands are available for you to enjoy shopping at wholesale prices.  We are constantly adding more products to the Smart Bachat Club.

4. What is the cancellation policy?

If the membership (without partnership offer) is bought/availed for the first time, it can be cancelled during the first 15 days from plan start date (Irrespective of the validity of the membership). Secondly, if you’ve bought/availed or cancelled membership before, then you cannot cancel the current membership plan. Lastly, if the membership plan has a partnership offer with it, then you cannot cancel the plan.

5. How do I cancel my membership and get the refund?

You can choose to cancel your membership from your Grofers app and get a refund (as Grofers cash) for your membership. You can visit your club membership account by clicking the main menu on the top left of your Grofers app. You’ll find an option to end your club membership.

6. Is the membership fee final?

Membership plans are currently offered at introductory prices and are liable to change at Grofers’ discretion. In case of any updation in the membership fee, you don’t have to pay anything extra for your ongoing plan. However, the plan renewals will happen at updated prices only.

7. Can I club Grofers cashback, wallet offers, bank offers, etc with my orders during this membership?

Yes, you can enjoy both wholesale prices and other offers that are available on the Grofers platform from time to time. Some coupons and offers might have certain restrictions. Please refer to the offer T&C.

8. Can I pay for the membership from my existing Grofers cash balance and Sodexo coupons?

You can choose to pay for your Smart Bachat Club membership with your Grofers cash balance. However, you can’t pay for this membership with Sodexo coupons.

9. Is lowest prices challenge applicable on club prices?

Yes, we guarantee lowest prices on certain products available on the Grofers platform.

10. Is 150% refund on item missing applicable on club membership orders?

Yes, you are eligible for a 150% refund in case an item is missing in your order.

11. Am I eligible for quicker order delivery than normal with this membership?

Not currently.

12 What is the maximum number of orders that I can place during the membership period?

There is no limit to the number of orders that you can place on the Grofers platform.

13. Can I use Simpl during the membership and use the postpaid facility?

Yes, you can choose to pay later for your order using Simpl.

14. What is the minimum order value for free delivery? My total cart value will be calculated on club prices or normal prices?

If you are a member of the Smart Bachat Club, the total cart value will be calculated on the club prices.

15. How do I get an invoice for my Smart Bachat Club membership?

Please contact our customer via in-app support.

16. How can I cancel my SBC membership plan in an live order?

You have to wait until your order gets delivered. Afterwards, according to the Cancellation Policy (mentioned in the Question 5 above), you can visit your club membership account by clicking the main menu on the top left of your Grofers app. You’ll find an option to end your club membership. 

17. Who can order using Smart Bachat Club membership?

Smart Bachat Club membership at Grofers only allows end Consumer to place an order at prices available for Smart Bachat Club Members. Without prejudice, the Company reserves all its rights to cancel an order(s) against the rules for Smart Bachat Club Members. 

18. What is the validity of Smart Bachat Club membership?

Smart Bachat Club membership can be bought for a period of 1 month (31 days), 3 months (Rs.135) wherein 1-month plan is used once, 6 months (186 days) and 12 months (365 days). Membership expires at midnight on the last day of your membership period.

Group Buying (Deal Ki Dukaan)

Group Buying on Grofers is a way to turn our customers into our promoters.

Users are presented with a deal store on the home screen. 
The user is asked to share the deal with their friends through the WhatsApp link and get them to buy the product within 24 hours.
The user makes the transaction on deal price while sharing.
If friends also buy the product, all of them get the product at the deal price, otherwise, original sharer gets the refund.
Valid for Android users only.
Is 50% additional cashback applicable in case the item doesn’t get delivered to the customer?
We will refund the amount we charged, directly into the account from which transaction was made and no additional cashback will be given to the customer in case the item does not gets delivered to the customer due to “customer’s ineligibility”, however, if the item is not delivered to the customer as a result of ‘item being stocked out’ the customer is eligible and 50% cashback is applicable in these cases. 
 
Is there any minimum order value?
Rs.500, otherwise they will have to pay delivery charges. 
 
Is the order eligible for EDLP challenge? 
Yes, the order is eligible for EDLP challenge.

 

Grofers Gold Coin Store

1. How to earn Grofers Gold Coin?
Shop for more than Rs.2000 & earn a Grofers Gold coin.

2. How can I use this coin?
You can only use the Grofers gold coin on the products listed under this store. (Can be found on clicking on the image). Customers have to place a min order of Rs.500 to redeem the free product from the Grofers coin store.

3. How many coins can I earn?
You can earn a maximum of 15 coins during the offer period.

4. When will I get coins credited?
Coins will be credited in your Grofers Gold coin wallet in 2 working days post delivery of your order.

5. Offer Validity?
Offer is valid till 15th Nov.

6. Coins expiry?
Grofers Gold coin will Expire on 23rd Nov’18. The catalog may change in respect to the stocks available. Customers will be prior informed before the expiry of coins.

*No coupon code needs to be applied to earn a gold coin.

Contacts Sync & Save:

Grofers Sync & Save offer provides the customer/user of the Company’s mobile application (“Grofers App”), the option of earning Grofers cash on every first transaction in a month done by such Customer’s referrals on Grofers

By way of such express permission, the Customer allows Company to send referrals to contacts on such Customer’s phonebook for usage of Grofers app. Customer further agrees and guarantees that, on its acceptance to participate in the Offer, it has expressly consented to the Company to collect, use and share certain information regarding the contacts, contained in Customer device’s phone book (“Contact Information”) with other Users in accordance with the Privacy Policy in order to provide the benefits of the Offer.

The user who has synced their contacts under Grofers Sync & Save offer shall get ?10 Grofers Cash on every first transaction in a month done by such Customer’s referrals on Grofers. The user can earn a maximum of ?150 in a month.

Customer expressly acknowledges and agree that in order to avail the Offer and to enable the Company to provide the benefits thereunder, Company may periodically access the Contact Information to find and keep track of mobile phone numbers and other information of other users of the Offer. By allowing Contact Information to be collected, the customer gives the Company a right to use that Contact Information and guarantees that it has any and all permissions required to share such Contact Information with the Company. Customer retains the right to opt-out to prevent the sharing of Contact Information at any time.

For the purpose of the Offer, any data shared with Company will only be used to refer the Company’s services to the contacts available on the Customer’s device, upon such Customer according to express permission to Grofers to access its phone directory

Upon Customer’s consent, the Customer’s Contact Information shall be synced with Grofers mobile application.

Customer’s right to avail the benefits under the Offer shall continue until such time that Company, at its sole discretion and without the obligation of a notice, terminates the Offer. These Terms will automatically terminate if Customer fails substantially to comply with them. Upon termination by Customer, or by Company due to Customer’s breach of these terms, Customer may not be entitled to any outstanding benefits of the Offer.

Company hereby excludes, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all liability which may arise from Customer’s sending messages/invites to its contacts or another third party, including but not limited to, any action or claim regarding spamming

Smart Bachat Club (SBC) Referral programme
SBC refers to Smart Bachat Club, Grofers’ subscription based loyalty programme
The Referral programme is valid till 30th June 2018
Only an existing SBC member is eligible to be the referrer under this programme
An existing SBC user will get the referral code via SMS
This referral code can be shared with a Referee – who may be a new or existing user on Grofers
When the Referee buys an SBC membership and applies the referral code, both the referrer and the referee get an additional month’s SBC membership free
This referral programme is only applicable when the referee buys a 6 or 12-month membership of SBC
The additional month of membership for the referrer and referee will reflect into their SBC accounts within 3 business days
A referrer can only refer 3 users in a month
A referrer can benefit to a maximum of 6 additional months via this referral programme
Grofers reserves the right to revoke the offer without any prior notice
Participation in this offer shall be deemed to be acceptance of all the Terms and Conditions governing this offer
Dabur Honey Fitness Band Contest

Terms & Conditions:

Buy any product from the Dabur Honey range, from 20th to 28th Sep 2018  & stand a chance to win a fitness band.
This offer is valid in all states except Tamil Nadu.
Among the participantswill be randomly chosen who will be eligible to get the fitness band.
Winners will be announced 15 days after the contest is over, via SMS.
The fitness bands will be delivered to the winners by Dabur after the contest is over.
Leonardo Pomace Oil <> Book My Show Offer

Short Code: CGL18
Temp Code Validity: 4th Sept 2018 to 4th March 2019
SMS Pattern: CGL18 TEMPCODE to 9239895050
Steps to Redeem –

Customers to send the SMS: CGL18 TEMPCODE to 9239895050
CGL18 is the offer name.
CODE is the 5 digit code received by the customer.
After sending this SMS the voucher user will receive the 10 digit eCode from BookMyShow.
Log on to in.bookmyshow.com or BookMyShow Mobile App.
Select Location, Event, Venue, Show Date, Time and Seats of your preference as the logic flows.
On the payment page, go to “Unlock Offers or Apply Promocodes” & enter the voucher e-code in the text box & click on “Apply” button to avail the offer. 
Terms & Conditions:-

Temp code will be valid for 5 months Vouchers to be valid for 1 month.
Vouchers can be redeemed only on BookMyShow Website/Mobile App and cannot be redeemed directly at the Cinema/Venue Box Office.
Vouchers can be redeemed on the purchase of tickets for Movies available on BookMyShow.
Tickets can only be booked on BookMyShow site and on BMS mobile app for all shows from Mon-Thursday. Shows up to 2 pm on Friday Saturday Sunday.
Tickets need to be booked minimum 2 days in advance.
Minimum 2 tickets  need to be booked in a single transaction.
Vouchers can be redeemed only on BookMyShow Website/Mobile App and cannot be redeemed directly at the Cinema/Venue Box Office.
Voucher will only be adjusted against the ticket cost and BookMyShow convenience fees up to Rs. 400. Any additional charges to be borne by the voucher user.
Not more than 2 vouchers to be claimed by a customer using same mobile number & email id
Vouchers work on non-extension clause and order once confirmed cannot be Cancelled or Refunded.
Vouchers are valid PAN India across all Cinemas/Partners associated with BookMyShow.
If lost/misused, the Winpin Voucher cannot be replaced. Void if resold, cannot be exchanged for points or cash and cannot be re-validated once past expiry date.
In addition to these BookMyShow Winpin Voucher Terms and Conditions, BookMyShow Vouchers and their use on our Website are also subject to
BookMyShow’s General Terms of Use and BookMyShow’s decision will be final in case of any dispute.
Any assistance with regards to the utilization and or redemption of the Winpin Vouchers shall be addressed directly by BookMyShow and any queries regarding the same which is received by the Merchant shall be immediately diverted to BookMyShow.
The Company shall distribute per Winpin Voucher to a single customer and the same code cannot be further re-distributed to a different customer.
BookMyShow Terms and Conditions Apply
Note: At the end of the successful transaction, Booking ID gets generated which needs to be exchanged at the Cinema/Venue Box Office for actual tickets.

Email/SMS confirmation will be sent on the Email Address/Mobile Number provided while completing the transaction.
For any assistance, reach out to BookMyShow’s Customer Support on +91(022)-61445050 or write to us on helpdesk@bookmyshow.com.
#OfferParade for August 15th, 2018

Watch out for a different offer, every minute of the day on August 15th, 2018 on our Instagram page. 
Grab the codes valid on the products in your city, and use these during check out to shop with Grofers #OfferParade exclusive savings. 
The offers shared on the day are valid only for the orders placed on August 15th, 2018
The minimum cart value for availing the offers on this promotion is 700 INR.
Offers valid till stocks last
Prices mentioned are for non-SBC members. SBC members get additional savings, with discounts on lower SBC prices.
Grofers may, at its sole discretion, change the T&Cs or cancel the promotion at any time; or modify or suspend the same should viruses, bugs or causes beyond its control corrupt or impair the administration of the promotion
Mondelez Grofers Bigcity Movie Voucher Diwali Campaign

This Contest is valid from 20th October, 2018 at 12 a.m. and ends on 7th November, 2018 at 11.59.59. p.m.
In order to be eligible for movie tickets/voucher code , you must purchase Cadbury chocolates worth INR 600 or more in single transaction & your order for such Product should be a delivered order.
Only 1 voucher shall be given per unique customer.
Vouchers shall be smsed to the participants on or before 24th November 2018.
This voucher code offers the participant for Rs. 200 discount on 2 movie tickets every month for 3 consecutive months at participating cinemas from Monday to Sunday (all shows).
The voucher code can be used from 1st December 2018 till 1st March 2019.
Participant has to visit mondelez.bigcityexperience.com, enter the voucher code, fill up the form, click Submit to activate the voucher.
On completion of registration, participant will receive an SMS with the Authentication Number.
Participant to click on the Booking Request Tab, enter the Authentication number, fill up the required details movie name, preferred theatre, preferred date, show time and other mandatory details including, number of tickets and value of ticket and click “Submit Booking”. (Please note, participant must send the booking request a minimum 48 hours to a maximum of 7 days prior to their preferred show date/time.)
On entering all the mandatory details participant will see a payment option for the balance amount (if cost of tickets exceed the voucher amount i.e. Rs. 200)
Click on the pay now button (ticket amount* – discount value), and make the balance Payment.
Participant will receive a call 24 hours prior to booking date and tickets will be sent to their mobiles. Flash the m-ticket/e-ticket received via SMS at the box office to exchange for paper tickets.
The last date to activate the voucher code is 14th February, 2019. Failure to activate this movie card on or before 14/02/2019 will render the movie card invalid and unusable. In such a case this movie card will not be revalidated or extended under any circumstances.
This movie card is not transferable, sellable or encashable.
If during any month the quota is not utilized, the unutilized amount cannot be carried forward and will be forfeited.
Discount is offered on minimum of 2 movie ticket and on maximum of 1 transaction only, irrespective of the number of tickets booked on one Voucher Code. The balance cost (after discount) of the ticket will be charged to the credit/ debit card of the end user. The end user will be required to present the copy of the credit/debit card at the cinema hall prior to redemption.
The offer is open to residents of India, except employees of Mondelez India Foods Private Ltd and Premier Sales Promotions Pvt. Ltd., its agents and distributors and their immediate families.
For more details on T&C, please click on the below link: www.mondelez.bigcityexperience.com
Simpl Offer :

Under the offer, all eligible customers of Grofers (“customers”) can avail a cashback of INR 200 in the form of “Simpl Cashback” on a minimum purchase of INR 1,500/- using Simpl as a payment method.
Valid for transactions placed between 1st March, 2018, and 31st March, 2018.
Customer has to transact using Simpl on the Grofers Website/ Mobile App.
This offer is available only for customers eligible to use Simpl as decided by Simpl.
Offer valid on a minimum payment of Rs. 1500 through Simpl.
Offer valid once, on the first transaction via Simpl on Grofers.
The eligible amount will be credited to Customer’s Simpl Account post 1st cycle repayment of Simpl bill.
Simpl reserves the right to modify/change all or any of the terms applicable to this offer without assigning any reasons whatsoever. Neither anything contained in these terms and conditions nor shall run this Offer be construed as an obligation on Simpl to continue the Offer up to the termination/expiry date.
Participation in this Offer is entirely voluntary.
The Offer is non-transferable.
The Offer shall not be available wherever it is prohibited under law and / or cannot be made for any reason whatsoever.
All disputes under this Offer are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts / tribunals of Mumbai.
In all matters relating to this Offer, the decision of Simpl shall be final and binding.
By participating in the Offer, the Participants agree to be bound by the terms and conditions contained herein.
Any tax or other liabilities or charges payable to the government or any other statutory authority/body or any participating establishment, which may arise or accrue to the client due to provision of the offer, shall be to the sole account of the customer.
Bournvita <> SBC Contest:
Buy Cadbury Bournvita 2kg pack and win 1 month’s free membership to Grofers Smart Bachat Club worth Rs 49/- 
Offer valid from 1st-10th October, 2018
Membership period to start from Nov 1st, 2018, for customers who do not have SBC membership.
In case of customers who have already availed SBC membership, 1 month membership extension will be provided.
Only applicable in Delhi NCR, Mumbai, Bangalore, Kolkata, Lucknow.
GST effect on our delivery:
As our nation welcomes the ‘One Nation, One Tax’’ initiative, effective from  July 1st 2017, we at Grofers also welcome this change by making our processes fully compliant with GST.

We guarantee you that we still will get you the lowest prices on all your items. Moreover, your orders will be fulfilled as usual and in line with the GST guidelines.

What are the changes you can expect at our end?

Since the government has exempted certain goods from GST, you will receive invoices for them separately. Which means that your order will now be broken down into 3 components:
At the delivery, our field executive will hand over a delivery statement, listing down all the items you have ordered.
A Delivery Statement for you to check all the items you’ve ordered
A Tax Invoice showing all the items that have been taxed
A Bill of Supply
We assure you that you will receive all the GST benefits and lower priced items, as always from Grofers. If you still have any questions, please feel free to reach out to us at our Customer Care helpline: 011 33552400.

Sodexo Terms & Conditions 
Sodexo vouchers will only be accepted till 30th June, 2018.
The voucher is non-transferable and is only valid for purchase of groceries, fruits, vegetables, & bakery products to be purchased from Grofers
Sodexo vouchers will only be redeemable for Super Store orders
No change or cash can be taken in lieu of the coupons
Only meal coupons to be accepted only in case of Cash on Delivery. No online/wallet partial payment is acceptable using Coupons and Sodexo Cards.
Damaged coupon is not acceptable
Any refund against such coupon shall be in lieu of credit as Grofers Cash, and shall in no event imply that the cashback shall be credited to a user’s bank account or card account or refunded in cash at any time
This voucher to be reimbursed according to the terms & conditions of the Company
By using the Voucher, you hereby declare that it is used only for groceries, fruits, vegetables, & bakery products to be purchased from Grofers.
Price guaranteed 
Subject to the terms and conditions set out below, certain third party merchants who sell products on the Grofers App are offering a cashback equivalent to the difference in the value of a product that is ordered by a user.

This offer applies only to orders placed on the Grofers App with specified third party merchants (“Offering Merchants”)**.

The offer is valid only in Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Chennai, Delhi, Gurgaon, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Kolkata, Lucknow, Mumbai & Pune. Lowest prices guarantee is not valid on fruits & vegetables. 
Cashback will be provided only if the customer is able to provide proof for validation of the difference in price of a product with same weight, product description, variant which is purchased on the same date & in the same city.
Subject to validation by Grofers and/or the Offering Merchant(s), to avail the offer on purchase(s) made by the customer, he/she will have to submit proof (App image with date, Printed Tax Invoice, Newspaper Ad with date, Pamphlet, Website screenshot with the link where the price is active for at least 24 hours after the price proof has been submitted)
The proof of difference in price should be from the same city as the order placed with Grofers.
Customer has to share the Image or URL with the below details:
 – Date and location
– Brand and variant
 – Size or Quantity
 – Combination (Single pack or combo pack)
 – Selling price of the product.
If eligible, the cashback will be credited to the Grofers wallet with 24 to 48 hours post order is marked delivered.
The complaint for Price difference has to be raised within 3 days of order being placed.
Additionally, the customer is not entitled for any cashback if the order has been canceled/returned. 
Subject to validation by Grofers and/or the Offering Merchant(s), the offer can be availed for any price difference pre/post 3 days of order being placed with Grofers.
Subject to terms and conditions of Grofers Cashback, the difference in price will be credited post-delivery, into the Grofers Wallet.
Cashback shall at no time exceed 20% of Selling price of each product and/or INR 250 at a cart level, and/or INR 1000 per user/month.
Cashback will be calculated on the net product price, however exclusive of applicable taxes.
Offer shall be subject to verification by the Offering Merchant in conjunction with Grofers.
Grofers does not make any warranties or representation of the quality, merchantability, suitability or availability of the products or services included in this offer.
The Offering Merchant may at its discretion withdraw, alter, modify or otherwise change the offer without notice. The offer may also be withdrawn by an Offering Merchant on occurrence of force majeure events.
The offer may be extended or terminated by Grofers and/or the Offering Merchant(s).
Any disputes arising relating to or connected with this offer shall be subject to the dispute resolution
mechanics set out in the terms and conditions of use of the Grofers App.
 

 

**Offering merchant(s): Super Store operated by LA Super Retail Private Limited, 90Minutes Retail Private Limited and/or Commoncity Retail Private Limited.
 

 

Urbanclap Offer : 16th to 25th October

Get Additional 20% off on Urbanclap Services.
The minimum order value to be eligible for the Urbanclap offer is Rs. 1999 in a single transaction on Grofers. The customer can make this purchase across any product categories on Grofers.
No coupon code needs to be applied on Grofers to qualify for the offer.
After the successful delivery of the order, the customer will get a unique code that entitles him to avail an additional 20% discount on services purchased from Urbanclap. The code can be used on Urbanclap website and App. The validity of the code will be till 30th October, 2018 only.
Valid once per user
Code provides 20% Off upto Rs. 400 on Urbanclap
Minimum Booking amount is Rs. 999 on Urbanclap
This offer is not valid in the state of Tamil Nadu.
This offer will be live on Grofers till 25th October, 2018.
Grofers does not hold any responsibility for the services rendered by Urbanclap to the customers.
 

Grofers and Urbanclap reserve the right to make changes to the terms of the offer and roll back the offer any time during the offer duration
 
UrbanClap Flash Sale Contest
The minimum order value to be eligible for the Urbanclap “Free Home Cleaning Services” offer is Rs. 1200 in a single transaction on Grofers.
The customer can make this purchase across any product categories on Grofers.
No coupon code needs to be applied on Grofers to qualify for the offer.
150 lucky winners will be chosen.
The winners will be intimated within 7 working days
The winners will get a unique code that entitles them to avail a Flat Rs. 1000 discount on services purchased from Urbanclap. 
The code can be used on Urbanclap website and App.
The validity of the Urbanclap code will be till 30th November, 2018 only.
Coupons can be used only once on Urbanclap
Order Value on Urbanclap to use these codes will be Rs.999
Urbanclap may restrict the usage of the code on certain categories only
This offer is not valid in the state of Tamil Nadu.
Grofers does not hold any responsibility for the services rendered by Urbanclap to the customers.
Grofers and Urbanclap reserve the right to make changes to the terms of the offer and roll back the offer any time during the offer duration 
Postpaid Grocery
How to use Simpl on Grofers ?

Log in to Grofers Application on Android Phone.
Select your location, where you wish order to be delivered.
Select the products you wish to buy.
Go to the checkout page
Add your delivery  address and time slot.
Click on proceed to pay option and select “Pay Later” option.
Select “Simpl” as your payment mode.
You will receive an OTP on your registered mobile number on Grofers Application.
Enter the OTP and get your number verified.
Click on Link Simpl Account option to register yourself with Simpl  and proceed to place your order.
Terms and Conditions:

Simpl payment option is visible and open to select base of users as per the sophisticated algorithm set.
Payment option is live only on Grofers Android  Application only and not on ios or Website.
Order cancellations/ Missing Items and refund:

As a user, you may cancel an order placed by you via Simpl before the order enters the “Enroute” stage.
To refund the amount, a debit entry will be made in your Simpl Account and settlement will be done, thus no payment will be made to Simpl by you against the cancelled transaction.
In case of missing items, the item amount will be directly removed from the bill and 50% additional* cashback will be credited in Grofers Cash Wallet.
Account Settlement:

Simpl will generate a bill of all purchases for the previous cycle on the night of the 15th, and the end of the month, and send it to customers via SMS/email.
Customers have 10 days to pay, during which they can keep transacting. Simpl reserves the right to change these details.
If customers hit their credit limits, they can pay their previous balance and continue to transact via Simpl.
In the case of Simpl Credits being offered to Customers in any marketing campaign, Customers will first need to pay Simpl the actual purchase amount for the applicable transaction and other transactions, if any, for that cycle.
This payment can be made using cards and net banking via Simpl’s website or app – which can be accessed directly(getsimpl.com) or via a payment link sent to the customers’ number.
On successful payment, the credits will be added to the customers’ Simpl account. This amount can then be adjusted against future transactions made using Simpl.
 
 Standard Chartered Bank Offer: SCB200
Under the offer all Standard Chartered Credit & Debit Card holders (“Cardholders”) can avail instant discount of INR 200 on a minimum purchase of INR 1,500/-
Use Code SCB200 to avail the offer.
Valid for transactions placed on every Thursday
This offer is not valid for card payments on Grofers that are done via PhonePe
NRE Account Holders will not be eligible for the offer.
Customer has to transact using his/her Standard Chartered Credit/Debit Card at the Grofers Website/ Mobile App.
This offer is available only for Standard Chartered Bank Debit & Credit card holders.
Offer valid on a minimum payment of Rs. 1500 through Standard Chartered Debit & Credit Cards.
Offer Valid once per card every Thursday
The eligible amount will be instantly deducted from the total amount payable.
This is an exclusive Offer provided by Standard Chartered Bank. All details regarding the Offer are available on the Bank’s website (www.sc.com/in).
The Bank reserves the right to modify/change all or any of the terms applicable to this offer without assigning any reasons whatsoever. Neither anything contained in these terms and conditions nor shall run this Offer be construed as an obligation on the Bank to continue the Offer up to the termination/expiry date.
Participation in this Offer is entirely voluntary.
The Offer is non-transferable.
The Offer shall not be available wherever it is prohibited under law and / or cannot be made for any reason whatsoever.
All disputes under this Offer are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts / tribunals of Mumbai.
In all matters relating to this Offer, the decision of the Bank shall be final and binding.
By participating in the Offer, the Participants agree to be bound by the terms and conditions contained herein.
Any tax or other liabilities or charges payable to the government or any other statutory authority/body or any participating establishment, which may arise or accrue to the client due to provision of the offer, shall be to the sole account of the customer.
STANDARD CHARTERED NEW USER OFFER : SCB250
Under the offer certain Standard Chartered Credit & Debit Card holders (“Cardholders”) can avail instant discount of INR 250 on a minimum transaction of INR 1,000/-
Use Code SCB250 to avail the offer.
Valid only for new users.
Offer valid on minimum payment of Rs. 1000 through Standard Chartered Debit & Credit Cards.
Valid for transactions placed on Thursdays only
This offer is not valid for card payments on Grofers that are done via PhonePe
NRE Account Holders will not be eligible for the discount.
Customer has to transact using his/her Standard Chartered Credit/Debit Card at the Grofers Website/ Mobile App.
Transaction value needs to be higher than INR 1000 to be eligible for the offer.
The eligible amount will be instantly deducted from the total amount payable.
This is an exclusive Offer provided by Standard Chartered Bank. All details regarding the Offer are available on the Bank’s website (www.sc.com/in).
The Bank reserves the right to modify/change all or any of the terms applicable to this offer without assigning any reasons whatsoever. Neither anything contained in these terms and conditions nor shall run this Offer be construed as an obligation on the Bank to continue the Offer up to the termination/expiry date.
Participation in this Offer is entirely voluntary.
The Offer is non-transferable.
The Offer shall not be available wherever it is prohibited under law and / or cannot be made for any reason whatsoever.
All disputes under this Offer are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts / tribunals of Mumbai.
In all matters relating to this Offer, the decision of the Bank shall be final and binding.
By participating in the Offer, the Participants agree to be bound by the terms and conditions contained herein.
Any tax or other liabilities or charges payable to the government or any other statutory authority/body or any participating establishment, which may arise or accrue to the client due to provision of the offer, shall be to the sole account of the customer.
 HDFC Bank Offer: 1st November to 7th November 2018
Offer Details:

Flat Rs.200 off on transactions above Rs.1500 
The offer will be valid once in the promotion period 
The offer would run with a promo code – HDFC200
Offer will run from 1st Nov till 7th Nov 2018.
This offer is not valid for card payments on Grofers that are done via PhonePe
Terms and Conditions:

Flat Rs.200 off on transactions above Rs.1500 
The offer will be valid once in the promotion period 
The offer would run with a promo code – HDFC200
The Offer, details of which are provided herein above, is provided by Grofers app and website only.
HDFC Bank holds out no warranty or makes no representation about the quality, delivery or otherwise of the services offered by Grofers.com. Any dispute or claim regarding the services/offers must be resolved by the Card Holder/s with Grofers.com directly without any reference to HDFC Bank.
HDFC Bank shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any loss/ damage/ claim that may arise out of use or otherwise of any goods/ services / assured gifts / gift vouchers availed by the Card Holder/s under the said Offer offered by Grofers.com
HDFC Bank reserves the right to disqualify Grofers.com or the Card Holder/s from the benefits of the Offer, if any fraudulent activity is identified as being carried out for the purpose of availing the benefits under the said Offer or otherwise by use of the Card.
HDFC Bank shall not be held liable for any delay or loss that may be caused in delivery of the services.
This Offer is made available to the Customer/s selected at the discretion of HDFC Bank.
The offer cannot be combined with any other offer
Customer has to use the code to avail the offer, in case the code is not used; cashback cannot be  Credited back to customer at a later date.
Any person availing this offer shall be deemed to have accepted these Terms and Conditions.
HDFC Bank reserves the right, at any time, without prior notice and without assigning any reason whatsoever, to add/alter/modify/change or vary all of these terms and conditions or to replace, wholly or in part, this offer by another offer, whether similar to this offer or not, or to extend or withdraw it altogether.
This offer is valid for Indian residents and citizens only.
Delinquent and over-limit HDFC Bank Debit & Credit Card members will not qualify for this promotion.
HDFC Bank Cardholders are not bound in any way to participate in this offer. Any participation is voluntary and the offer is being made purely on a best effort basis.
Nothing herein amounts to a commitment by HDFC Bank to conduct further, similar or other offers.
Offer valid on all Debit & Retail Credit Cards. Offer not valid on Staff, Business, Corporate, Commercial cards. Delinquent cardholders will be disqualified from the said promotion.
This offer is non-encashable, not extendable and non-negotiable.
If a card member has more than 1 (one) HDFC Bank Debit & Credit Card, spends on the cards cannot be clubbed by the card member in order to qualify for the said offer.
In case, the card member holds more than 1(one) Debit & Credit Card with HDFC Bank; the card member would need to call up the Customer Call Centre and confirm which card(s) the said offer may be availed for.
The above offer is by way of a special offer for select HDFC Bank Debit & Credit Cardholders only and nothing contained herein shall prejudice or affect the terms and conditions of the card member agreement. The terms of the above schemes shall be in addition to and not in derogation of the terms contained in the card member agreement.
All disputes, if any, arising out of or in connection with or as a result of above offers or otherwise relating hereto shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts / tribunals in Mumbai only, irrespective of whether courts / tribunals in other areas have concurrent or similar jurisdiction
 

Grofers Offer for Axis Bank Card Holder: Wednesday Delights
Terms and Conditions for Grofers Wednesday Delights Offer on Credit and Debit Cards

(6th June 2018 – 28th November 2018)

Terms and Conditions:

Offer: Flat 15% Discount on Axis Bank Credit & Debit Cards on a single minimum transaction of Rs.1500 and above
Offer Period: 6th June 2018 – 28th November 2018 (Wednesdays only from 00:00 am till 23:55 pm)
Maximum available discount is Rs. 300 per customer per Wednesday
Offer is applicable when a customer applies the promo code AXIS15
This offer is not valid for card payments on Grofers that are done via PhonePe
Offer is valid for New and Old user both.
Offer discount will be processed by Grofers and is applicable at the time of bill payment.
The discount is applicable on a single transaction and bills cannot be clubbed to avail the discount.
Offer valid on transactions done and live Axis Bank Debit and Axis Bank Retail Credit Cards only. This offer is not valid on Corporate Credit Cards.
Offer is subject to availability of products at the sole discretion of Grofers
The offer will be valid during the promotion period only which will be at the sole discretion of Grofers & Axis Bank.
Grofers & Axis Bank retains the right to change or discontinue the offer at any time during the promotion period without prior notice.
The offer is not transferable, non-negotiable and cannot be en-cashed.
All Customer Queries/dispute on the offer should be raised during the offer period or within 3 days after expiry of the promotion period. For any disputes, the customer needs to furnish a scanned copy of the charge slip and Invoice for the case to be taken for further investigation.
The decision of Grofers & Axis Bank will be final and binding on all and any correspondence in this regard will not be entertained.
Grofers and Axis Bank reserve the right at any time, without notice, to add/alter/change/ or vary any or all of these terms and conditions or to replace, entire or in part, this offer by another offer, whether similar to this offer or not, or to withdraw it altogether.
Axis Bank will not be responsible or liable in case the offer is not configured or could not be availed due to malfunction, delay, traffic congestion on any telephone network or line, computer on-line system, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, or website.
The participation in the offer is entirely voluntary and it is understood, that the participation by the Cardholders shall be deemed to have been made on a voluntary basis.
Axis Bank & Grofers reserve the right to modify / alter the offer or all or any of the terms applicable to the offer without assigning any reasons or without any prior intimation whatsoever. Axis Bank & Grofers also reserves the right to discontinue the offer without assigning any reasons or without any prior intimation whatsoever.
In case of all matters relating to the offer including any dispute or discrepancy relating to the offer or eligibility of any Cardholder, Axis Bank’s decision shall be final and binding on Cardholders in all respects.
The terms and conditions governing the offer shall be in addition to and not in substitution / derogation to the Primary Terms and Conditions governing the Debit Card issued by Axis Bank
Axis Bank only offers discount on purchase of goods and services of the Merchant by using Axis Bank Credit & Debit Card and Axis Bank holds out no warranty or makes no representation about the quality, delivery or otherwise of the goods and services offered/sold by the Merchant/Grofers. Any dispute or claim regarding the goods and/or services must be resolved by the Cardholder with the Merchant/Grofers directly without any reference to Axis Bank. Additional discount offered by the Bank is solely for promoting usage of Axis Bank Debit and Credit card.
Images provided in promotions are only for pictorial representation and Axis Bank does not undertake any liability or responsibility for the same.
Nothing contained herein shall constitute or be deemed to constitute an advice, invitation or solicitation to purchase any products/ services of Grofers or any third party and is not intended to create any rights and obligations.
The offer by Axis Bank is subject to applicable laws and regulatory guidelines/ regulations and as per bank’s extant guidelines from time to time.
Bank may use the services of agents for sales / marketing of the products. Copy Rights of Axis Bank Limited. All rights are reserved.
Axis Bank shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any loss/ damage/ claim that may arise out of use or otherwise of any goods/ services availed of by the Card Holder/s under the offer.
Axis Bank shall not be held liable for any delay or loss that may be caused in delivery of the goods and /or services under the offer.
Axis Bank reserves the right to disqualify any cardholder from the benefits of the offer if any fraudulent activity is identified as being carried out for the purpose of availing the benefits under the offer or otherwise by use of the Card.
All taxes, duties, levies or other statutory dues and charges payable in connection with the benefits accruing under the offer shall be borne solely by the cardholder and Axis Bank will not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any such taxes, duties, levies or other statutory dues.
The offer is not available wherever prohibited and products/ services for which such programs cannot be offered for any reason whatsoever.
Axis Bank shall not be obliged to make any public announcements to intimate the successful Cardholders about the discount under the offer.
Any person taking the advantage of this offer shall be deemed to have read, understood and accepted these terms and conditions.
Logos/trademarks used are owned by respective entities. Axis Bank has been authorised to use these logos/trademarks for offer promotion purposes.
Any dispute relating to the offer or the terms and conditions shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts in Mumbai only.Offer is applicable on grofers.com website and Grofers android/ios application.In order to avail the discount, the total payment needs to be made using an Axis Bank Debit or Credit card.
Grofers Terms & Conditions applicable.
PhonePe offer during Sabse Sasta Hafta
 
Flat Rs.150 Cashback
Min. Transaction Rs. 1200 
Valid only once per user during the offer period (8th to 15th August, 2018) 
What is the offer duration?

From 9th August, 2018 (20:00 Hours) to 15th August, 2018 (23:59 Hours) – on Android App only
What is a valid PhonePe payment?

Payment to be made through BHIM UPI, Debit Card, Credit Card or Wallet within the PhonePe container after clicking the “PhonePe” option on Grofers checkout.
For users paying through BHIM UPI, cashback is valid on transactions initiated and completed on PhonePe using a PhonePe linked bank account
When do I get the cashback?

Cashback will be credited as PhonePe gift voucher balance within 24 hours of successful completion of the transaction.
What happens if I am eligible for more than one offer?

If you are eligible for more than one offer, the offer giving you the maximum Cashback is automatically picked up for you.
What happens in case of refund/cancellation of my order?

In case of any cancellations, the cashback given on the transaction will continue to remain as gift voucher balance and non-withdrawable to your bank account. This can continue to be used on PhonePe (recharges, bill payments, etc.)
Refunded amount less of cashback will be credited back to the source of funds used while making payment
What other conditions apply on the cashback amount?

Cashback gift voucher can be used for recharges, bill payments and payments on PhonePe partner platforms/stores.
Cashback gift voucher cannot be withdrawn to any linked bank account or transferred to other customers.
Other Terms and Conditions:

In case the PhonePe wallet limit for the month has been reached, the cashback will be credited on the first business day of the next month
Refunds would be processed on a pro-rata basis
Any cashback related queries should be raised within 30 days, post a successful transaction.
This offer might not be clubbed with any offer made available to you by an issuer of any Debit Card or Credit Card or any bank for transacting on Grofers App. PhonePe isn’t responsible for any offer beyond what is mentioned above.
PhonePe reserves the right to award offers and related benefits as per internal policy decided by PhonePe from time to time.
PhonePe has the right to amend the terms & conditions, end the offer, or call back any or all of its offers without prior notice.
In case of dispute, PhonePe reserves the right to take the final decision on the interpretation of these terms & conditions and also reserves the right to resolve the same as per the Terms & conditions of any offer at its sole discretion.

ICICI Green Tuesday Bank offer:
Offer Overview:

Rs.225 instant Discount on the minimum purchase of Rs.1500/- at www.grofers.com and Grofers Mobile App.
Offer is applicable on one transactions per customer per card in a month.Offer can be availed using promo code– ICICI225 and making the full payment through ICICI Bank Credit Card or Debit Card.
Offer is applicable only on Tuesdays.
Offer is valid starting from 3rd April, 2018 to 26th March, 2019 [both days included]
Discount will be calculated on the net paid amount by the customer excluding Grofers cash. Checkout amount should be Rs. 1500 post Grofers Cash.
Maximum Discount which can be availed per card is Rs.225 in a month.
This offer is not valid for card payments on Grofers that are done via PhonePe.
How to redeem:

Log on to www.grofers.com or mobile app & select your products.
Enter the promo code – ICICI225 and make payment in full using ICICI Bank Credit Card or Debit Card to pay discounted amount.
Terms & Conditions:

This Offer is from ICICI Bank Limited under an arrangement with Grofers India Private Limited (“Grofers”). It is open to all residents of India holding a valid ICICI Bank Credit Card& Debit Card (“Customers”).
Under this offer, customer can avail Flat Rs.225 Discount on minimum transaction value of Rs.1500/- on online purchases made using ICICI Credit Card or Debit Card and using promo code ICICI225 on grofers.com and Grofers App during the offer period.
Offer is applicable on maximum one eligible transactions per card in a month during the offer period.
Maximum amount of discount on per card is Rs.225.
Minimum transaction amount to be eligible for discount: Rs.1500/- 
(Rupees Fifteen Hundred Only) per transaction.
The validity of the offer is starting from 3rd April, 2018 to 26th March, 2019 [both days included]
Discount is not applicable for Cash on delivery transactions.
In case a customer is using his or her ICICI credit card or debit card through a wallet service, this discount offer would not be applicable.
Discount will be calculated on the net paid amount by the customer using ICICI Credit Card or Debit Card.
In case of a cancellation/refund, the discount amount will be deducted from the total refund due, while checking eligibility of the discount.
Nothing expressed or implied in the Offer shall in any way waive or amend any of the terms and conditions of the existing Card member agreement with the Card issuer.
ICICI shall not be responsible or liable in any manner whatsoever for any deficiency or inadequacy in the product and services rendered by Grofers, its agents or representatives and the Customer hereby agrees not to hold ICICI responsible or liable for, any actions, claims, demands, losses, damages, costs, charges and expenses that he/she may suffer on account of the Offer.The Bank hold no warranty and makes no representation about the quality, delivery or otherwise of the goods and services offered by Grofers.
Customers who fail to enter the promo code or using the wrong promo code shall not be eligible to avail the Offer. Bank shall, in no way, be liable in the event the Customer fails to enter the promo code or uses the wrong promo code resulting in Customer becoming ineligible to avail the Offer.
The Bank and Grofers, reserve the right to disqualify any Customer from the benefits of the Offer if any fraudulent activity is identified as being carried out for the purpose of availing the benefits under the Offer or otherwise by use of the Card.
Customers are advised to read and understand the terms and conditions of Grofers before availing the offer. Bank merely facilitates its Customers to avail the offers and it is no way concerned or connected in respect of the terms and conditions of Grofers.By placing an order, the customer accepts all terms and conditions specified on Grofers.com
Pictures of products shown in the communication sent to the customer either through mailers or advertised are representative only and may not bear a resemblance to the actual products. ICICI shall under no circumstances be responsible towards the same.
Products offered under this Offer are subject to availability from Grofers and accordingly ICICI in no circumstances shall be liable for non-availability of any of the products.
Under no circumstance will the Offer/discount being offered be settled with cash in lieu by ICICI or by Grofers.
ICICI will not entertain any correspondence regarding the validity or acceptability of any additional benefits offered by Grofers on its products and the same shall be at the sole risk and consequences of Grofers and without reference to ICICI. 
All government Levies like GST, any Local Tax, Octroi etc. shall be payable by the Customers as applicable at the time of the offer period.
ICICI and Grofers reserves the right , at any time without prior noticeand without assigning any reason whatsoever, to add/alter/modify/change or vary all of these terms and conditions or to replace, wholly or in part, this offer by another offer, whether similar to this offer or not, or to extend or withdraw it.
Customers are not bound in anyway to participate in this offer. Any such participation is voluntary.Any person availing of this offer shall be deemed to have read, understood and accepted these Terms and Conditions.
Any issue, dispute / complaint regarding the discount offer, products and services offered by Grofers, its agents or representatives must be addressed by the Customer to Grofers directly at info@grofers.com, Bank shall not entertain any communication in this regard.
Any query/issue regarding the offer will be entertained till 26th March, 2019. Post such date, ICICI will not entertain any correspondence or communication regarding this offer from any persons.
All disputes, if any, arising out of or in connection with or as a result of above offer or otherwise relating thereto shall be subject to exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts/ tribunals in Mumbai only, irrespective of whether any other court or tribunal has concurrent or similar jurisdiction.
The Offer is non-transferable, non-encashable and non-negotiable and cannot be clubbed with any other offer. The offer cannot be exchanged for cash or any other credit benefits.
By utilizing or attempting to utilize any of the goods and services under this Offer, the ICICI Debit, Credit Customers understands, acknowledges and agrees that:
Any claim, complaint or dispute of any nature arising out of or in relation to the procurement, or attempted procurement by the customer of any goods and/or services under this offer (each a “Claim”) shall be settled by the ICICI Debit, Credit Customers directly with the Merchant and ICICI Debit, Credit Customers shall not make any Claim against or bank.
Without prejudice to the foregoing, and to the fullest extent permitted by law, Bank shall not be liable to any person for any loss, damage, expenses or claim (whether direct or indirect) in relation to any personal injury, death, false representation, damage or omission arising from or in connection with the usage or attempted usage of the Offer or goods and/or services provided under the Offer.
The decision of the Bank in all matters in connection with and incidental to this Offer is final and shall be binding on all persons.
RBL Bank Credit Card offer:
Terms and Conditions:

Offer: Flat 250 Discount on RBL Bank Credit Cards on a single minimum transaction of Rs.1500 and above
Offer Period: 26th March 2018 (00:00 AM) – 30th November 2018 (23:55 pm)
Maximum available discount is Rs. 250 per customer once on Monday and Friday
Offer is applicable when a customer applies the promo code RBL250
Offer is valid for New and Old user both.
Offer is applicable on grofers.com website and Grofers android/ios application.
This offer is not valid for card payments on Grofers that are done via PhonePe
In order to avail the discount, the total payment needs to be made using an RBL Bank Credit card.
Offer discount will be processed by Grofers and is applicable at the time of bill payment.
The discount is applicable on a single transaction and bills cannot be clubbed to avail the discount.
Offer valid on transactions done through RBL Bank Retail Credit Cards only. This offer is not valid on Corporate Credit Cards.
Offer is subject to availability of products at the sole discretion of Grofers
The offer will be valid during the promotion period only which will be at the sole discretion of Grofers & RBL Bank.
Grofers & RBL Bank retains the right to change or discontinue the offer at any time during the promotion period without prior notice.
The offer is not transferable, non-negotiable and cannot be en-cashed.
All Customer Queries/dispute on the offer should be raised during the offer period or within 3 days after expiry of the promotion period. For any disputes, the customer needs to furnish a scanned copy of the charge slip and Invoice for the case to be taken for further investigation.
The decision of Grofers & RBL Bank will be final and binding on all and any correspondence in this regard will not be entertained.
Grofers and RBL Bank reserve the right at any time, without notice, to add/alter/change/ or vary any or all of these terms and conditions or to replace, entire or in part, this offer by another offer, whether similar to this offer or not, or to withdraw it altogether.
Grofers New User offer for Mobikwik Customers:

Use Code – KWIK275
20% Cashback, Max Cashback Rs.275
No Minimum Order Value
Not valid on Oil, Ghee and Baby Food.
Valid only for New Users (on Grofers)
Valid Till 31st December 2018
Cancellations
As a user, you may cancel an order placed by you before the order enters the “Enroute” stage. For any permitted cancellations, we will refund payments, if any, made by you under the relevant order within approximately 48-72 hours.
Orders may be cancelled by the Company in any of the following cases: (a) if it is suspected that a customer has undertaken a fraudulent transaction, or (b) if it is suspected that a customer has undertaken a transaction which does not conform to or violates these Terms of Use/User Agreement, or (c) in case of unavailability of product(s), or (d) for any reason outside the control of the Company including causes for delivery related logistical difficulties. For such cancellations, the Company will refund the payment, if any, made by you under the relevant order within 72 hours.
Further, while precautions are taken to ensure accuracy of product specifications, the details of a product as reflected on the Marketplace may be inaccurate due to technical issues, typographical errors or incorrect product information provided to the Company by third party seller and in such an event you shall be notified as soon as such error comes to the notice of the Company. In such event, the Company reserves the right to cancel your order and grant credit/coupon for the value of the returned product. Such credit shall be available for use against a subsequent invoice for transactions on the Marketplace.
We maintain a list of all fraudulent transactions and non-complying users, and reserve the right to deny access to such users at any time or cancel any orders placed by them in future.
Returns & Refunds
The Marketplace has a “no questions asked return and refund policy” which entitles all users who have purchased a product on the Marketplace to return the product at the time of delivery if they are not satisfied with the quality of the product. In case you are not available at delivery to check the quality of the product(s), you may raise a complaint within 24-48 hours of delivery. To pass feedback to the merchants to improve the services, it is mandatory to share the images of the items which you were dissatisfied with. Subject to acceptance from the third-party seller of the product, the Company may take the returned product back and grant credit/coupon in lieu of the value of the returned product. Such credit shall be available for use against a subsequent invoice for transactions on the Marketplace.
You may request for a refund/replacement within 7 days of delivery, for Electronics and Cookware products with all original tags & packaging intact in case of any quality issues. It is also requested that a user should check if the product seal is intact (i.e. not broken) while accepting the order to avoid any kind of damage related complaints post delivery.
Further, it is clarified that for electronic and cookware products, no returns shall be accepted post 7 days of delivery and the user should get in touch with the Brand/Manufacturer with original invoice given at the time of delivery from Grofers. 
Please note: Few items listed may or may not carry a seller warranty to which Grofers will support basis return policy.
You Agree and Confirm
That in the event any product delivery is delayed or is returned from its destination on account of a mistake by you (e.g. providing the wrong name or address or other incorrect/misleading information), any additional costs incurred by the Company for re-delivery of the product(s) shall be borne by you.
You agree to use the services provided by the Company for lawful purposes only, and comply with all applicable laws and regulations while using/accessing and transacting on the Marketplace.
You will provide authentic and true information in all instances where any information is requested of you. The Company reserves the right to confirm and validate the information and other details provided by you at any point of time.
If at any time, the information provided by you is found to be false or inaccurate (wholly or partly), the Company shall have the right in its sole discretion to reject registration, cancel all orders, and debar you from using its services and other affiliated services in the future without any prior intimation whatsoever, and without any liability to you.
You are accessing the services made available by the Company and transacting at your sole risk and are using your best and prudent judgement before entering any transaction through the Marketplace.
Before placing an order, you acknowledged to have checked and reviewed the product description carefully and in sufficient detail. By placing an order on the Marketplace, you agree to be bound by the conditions of sale included in the item’s description without exception.
Notwithstanding the right of the Company on cancellation of the order, any Product in the order may be replaced by the Company in case of unavailability or for other reasons outside the control of the Company, subject to you may refuse to accept such replacement/substitute product. For such cancellations, the Company will refund the payment of the order/product, if any, made by you under the relevant order within 72 hours.
Disclaimers
You acknowledge and undertake that you are accessing the services on the website and transacting at your own risk and are using your best and prudent judgement before entering into any transactions. The Company make best efforts to display available products, including in respect of their colour, size, shape and appearance, as accurately as possible. However, the actual colour, size, shape and appearance may have variations from the depiction on your mobile/computer screen.
The Company does not make any representation or warranties in respect of the products available on the Marketplace nor does the Company implicitly or explicitly support or endorse the sale or purchase of any products on the Marketplace. The Company accepts no liability for any error, inaccuracy or omission of third parties or for information/inputs received from third parties and provided to you through the Marketplace or otherwise.
You acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not, at any time, have any right, title or interest to any product(s), which is subject to a bipartite sale and purchase contract between you and the relevant third party seller. The Company does not have any control over the quality, failure to provide or any other aspect whatsoever of the product(s) and is not responsible for damages or delays on account of products which are out of stock, unavailable or back ordered.
Reviews, Feedback, Submissions
All reviews, comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered on the Marketplace or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with use of the Marketplace (collectively, the Comments) shall be and remain the property of the Company. Such disclosure, submission or offer of any Comments shall constitute an assignment to the Company of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the Comments. Thus, the Company shall exclusively own all such rights, titles and interests in the Comments and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise.
The Company will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, modify, adapt, create derivative works from any Comments, and publish, display and distribute any Comments submitted for any purpose whatsoever without restriction and without compensating the user in any way. The Company is and shall be under no obligation to: (i) maintain any Comments in confidence; or (ii) pay compensation for any Comments; or (iii) respond to any Comments. You agree that any Comments submitted by you on the Marketplace will not violate the Terms of Use or any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s), and will not cause injury to any person or entity. You further agree that no Comments submitted by you on the Marketplace will be or contain libellous or otherwise unlawful, threatening, abusive or obscene material, or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mails or any form of ‘spam’. The Company does reserve the right (but assumes no obligation) to monitor, edit and/or remove any Comments submitted on the Marketplace. You hereby grant the Company the right to use names that you submit in connection with any Comments. You agree not to use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any Comments you submit. You are, and shall remain, responsible for the content of any Comments you make and you agree to indemnify the Company and its affiliates against all claims, loss and liabilities resulting from any Comments you submit.
Further, any reliance placed on Comments available on the Marketplace from a third party shall be at your sole risk and expense.
 
Copyright & Trademark
The Company, its suppliers and licensors expressly reserve all intellectual property rights in all text, programs, products, processes, technology, images, content and other materials which appear on the Marketplace. Access to or use of the Marketplace does not confer and should not be considered as conferring upon anyone any license, sub-license to the Company’s intellectual property rights. All rights, including copyright, in and to the Marketplace are owned by or licensed to the Company. Any use of the Marketplace or its contents, including copying or storing it or them in whole or part is prohibited without the express prior written consent of the Company.
You may not modify, distribute or re-post anything on the Marketplace for any purpose. The names and logos and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the trademarks/service marks of the Company, its affiliates, its partners or its suppliers/service providers. All other marks are the property of their respective owners. No trademark or service mark license is granted in connection with the materials contained on the Marketplace. Access to or use of the Marketplace does not authorize anyone to use any name, logo or mark in any manner. References on the Marketplace to any names, marks, products or services of third parties or hypertext links to third party sites or information are provided solely as a convenience to you after having express consent from third parties and do not in any way constitute or imply the Company’s endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the third party, the information, its product or services.
The Company is not responsible for the content of any third-party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of material on such sites. If you decide to access a link of any third-party websites, you do so entirely at your own risk and expense.
Wholesale Trading Terms
You acknowledge and agree that the terms and conditions set out on the Marketplace (including as contained herein – (Conditions-of-Supply and Wholesale Trade) are the terms and conditions applicable to any order placed by you on the App, unless a separate written instrument is executed in relation to a specified order to prevail over these Conditions of Contract
Objectionable Material
You understand that by using the Marketplace or any services provided on the Marketplace, you may encounter content that may be deemed by some to be offensive, indecent, or objectionable, which content may or may not be identified as such. You agree to use the Marketplace and any service at your sole risk and that to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, the Company and its affiliates shall have no liability to you for any content that may be deemed offensive, indecent, or objectionable to you.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its employees, directors, officers, agents and their successors and assigns from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including attorney’s fees, caused by or arising out of claims based upon a breach of any warranty, representation or undertaking in this User Agreement, or arising out of a violation of any applicable law (including but not limited in relation to intellectual property rights, payment of statutory dues and taxes, claims of libel, defamation, violation of rights of privacy or publicity, loss of service by other subscribers and infringement of intellectual property or other rights). This clause shall survive the expiry or termination of this User Agreement.
Limitation of Liability
The aggregate liability of the Company, if any, that is established and ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction pursuant to a claim, shall in no event extend beyond refund of the money charged from a user for purchases made pursuant to an order under which such liability has arisen and been established.
It is acknowledged and agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company shall not be liable, under any circumstances, whether in contract or in tort, for any indirect, special, consequential or incidental losses or damages, including on grounds of loss of profit, loss of reputation or loss of business opportunities.
Termination
This User Agreement is effective unless and until terminated, either by you or by the Company. You may terminate this User Agreement at any time, provided that you discontinue any further use of the Marketplace. The Company may terminate this User Agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the Marketplace.
The Company’s right to any comments and to be indemnified pursuant to the terms hereof, shall survive any termination of this User Agreement. Any such termination of the User Agreement shall not cancel your obligation to pay for product(s) already ordered from the Marketplace or affect any liability that may have arisen under the User Agreement prior to the date of termination.
Governing & Jurisdiction
The User Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws thereunder.
Any dispute or difference, whether on the interpretation or otherwise, in respect of any terms hereof shall be referred to an independent arbitrator to be appointed by the Company. Such arbitrator’s decision shall be final and binding on the parties. The arbitration shall be in accordance with the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996, as amended or replaced from time to time. The seat of arbitration shall be Delhi and the language of the arbitration shall be English.
Subject to the aforesaid, the Courts at Delhi shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any proceedings arising in respect of the User Agreement.
Grievance Policy
In accordance with Information Technology Act, 2000 and the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer who can be contacted for any complaints or concerns pertaining to the Marketplace, including those pertaining to breach of the Terms of Use or any other policies are published as under.
Sumit Chhimwal
Grofers India Private Limited
Plot 64H, Sector 18
Gurgaon, Haryana – 122011
Email address: info@grofers.com