Services Offered
All the services given below are fully available for this website. These have also been offered by selective mobile service operators through our ‘web services’ for use of booking tickets through mobiles. However, different mobile service providers may have made different restrictions / limitations in their packages offered to their mobile subscribers. IRCTC is not responsible for any such limited service offering from any Mobile service provider or among such service providers. For the details of services provided by each operator, please Click here

Booking of I-tickets, e-tickets and tatkal tickets.
I-ticket- refers to a Railway reservation booked on this website for the consummation of which a printed Railway ticket on standard Stationery is dispatched by IRCTC to the Customer through the courier, which constitute the authority to travel on trains.
E-ticket- E-ticket - refers to a Railway reservation booked on this website, for the consummation of which the customer prints out an Electronic Reservation Slip which, along with one of the authorized personal identification, constitutes the authority to travel, in lieu of the regular ticket on standard Stationery. 
Tatkal Ticket- A ticket booked against Tatkal Quota against extra payment of premium charges as per extant Railway rules.
A maximum of six berths/seats can be booked at a time for a specified journey between any two stations served by the train subject to distance restrictions in force.
An individual user can book a maximum of six tickets in a calendar month.
Booking can be done against general (GN),SS( senior citizen), ladies (LD) and tatkal (CK)quota berths/seats only.
Tatkal Quota (CK) berths/seats are earmarked in all-important trains in different classes except First Class Air-conditioned (1A) class. Ladies quota (LD) is generally earmarked in Sleeper class (SL) and second sitting (2S).
In case of tickets booked through internet no concession is permitted except senior citizen.
General enquiries available:
    a. Accommodation available for a train/date combination     b. Current Status of reserved tickets     c. Time table     d. Train fare     e. Trains available between a given pair of stations
Courier delivery of tickets (I-tickets) limited to postal addresses covered by the pin codes listed under the link "Places of Delivery ". For details of areas where courier delivery is provided at present, categorized by PINCODE, Please Click here.
E-Booking or E-reservation facility available for all trains. E-Ticketing
On line cancellation facility for E-tickets alone, up to the charting time for that train. (E-tickets cannot be cancelled at counters)
Auto-Up gradation is available to the next higher class on optional basis.(As per railway rules).
 	
TOP
Services NOT Offered
Reservation on Police/military warrants, Railway passes, PTOs, card passes & IC cards issued to MP's and INDRAIL Passes and all types of Rail Travel Coupons or on any Concessions. (Except senior citizen's concession).
Tickets to cluster stations.(Stations not on the route of the train)
Modification and Cancellation of I-tickets. These facilities can be availed for I-TICKETS by presenting the ticket at a Railway Reservation Offices. (E-tickets can however, be cancelled on the site up to chart preparation time).
Reservation on prebought tickets, i.e. tickets already bought at stations.
Reservation on tickets with Break Journey.
Issue of duplicate tickets for lost, mutilated or torn tickets. (Available for I-tickets at Railway Reservation Offices.)
Reservation on Season Tickets.
Source cluster tickets. (Tickets from a station not lying on the route of train)
Bulk Booking for families and groups.
Advance booking for foreign tourists 360 days in advance.
Personal Collection of tickets by customers from any designated centers.
 	
TOP
Terms and Conditions of Service
Definitions
In this agreement the following words shall have the following meanings:

Ticket - means any ticket issued by us. It is an authorization to travel using our ticket booking facility for the specified journey over the network of Indian Railways. This can mean an I-ticket or an E-ticket.

PRS - Passenger Reservation System.

Weekdays - All the days of the week other than Sunday.

I-ticket- refers to a Railway reservation booked on this website for the consummation of which a printed Railway ticket on standard Stationery is dispatched by IRCTC to the Customer by courier which constitutes the authority to travel on a train.

E-ticket -refers to a Railway reservation booked on this website, for the consummation of which the customer prints out an Electronic Reservation Slip which, along with the concerned authorized personal identification, constitutes the authority to travel, in lieu of the regular ticket on standard Stationery.

Tatkal Ticket -A ticket booked against Tatkal Quota against extra payment of premium charges as per extant Railway rules. (Link to Tatkal write up)

Charting time-The time at which the charts for a particular train are prepared, for pasting on the coaches/exhibition boards before the departure of the train.

ERS(Electronic Reservation Slip) -The printout in standard specified Performa containing reservation particulars, and instructions for use which can be used by the Passenger along with the relevant authorized Identification, as travel authority for performing the journey. (See Performa / sample here) link showing ERS. The user of the ERS is governed by these rules and the instructions available on the ERS itself.

Virtual Reservation Message (VRM) - A screen-shot of the e-ticket displayed through laptops/palmtops/ Mobile Phones is referred as Virtual Reservation Message (VRM).

Authorized ID-The Personal Photo Identification Card falling in any of these ten categories.
1. Passport.
2. Voter photo identity card issued by Election Commission of India. 
3. Driving Licence issued by RTO
4. Pan Card issued by Income Tax Department.
5. Photo Identity card having serial number issued by Central / State Government.
6. Student Identity Card with photograph issued by recognized School/College for their students.
7. Nationalized Bank Passbook with photographs. 
8. Credit Cards issued by Banks with laminated photograph. 
9. Unique Identification Card "Aadhaar”. 
10. Photo identity cards having serial number issued by public sector Undertakings of State/Central Government, District Administrations, Municipal bodies and Panchayat Administrations. 
For Non-Indians, their Country's Passport will constitute sole authorized ID. Ration card will be accepted as proof of identity for undertaking journey under Tatkal scheme only if the passenger whose photograph is available on the ration card is travelling


Scope of the term "photo identity card having serial number issued by Central/State Government" permissible under the scheme is very wide and it covers a large number of photo identity cards, some of which are as under:

Pension Pay Orders(PPO)
Ration Card with photographs
Senior citizen cards
Below Poverty (BPL) cards
ESI cards (with photograph) issued for taking treatment in ESI dispensaries
CGHS Cards (with photograph) issued to individual family menbers of Central Govt. employees.


General
The IRCTC provides only the facility for transacting with Indian Railway's PRS System through the Internet. Indian Railway's rules for reservation and booking apply to all such transactions along with special conditions imposed for Internet based booking. The special conditions and the terms of service applicable to Internet booking are detailed in this document.

The following terms and conditions will apply if you wish to use the Indian Railways online ticket booking service offered through the IRCTC website. Please go through the conditions carefully and if you accept them, you may register and transact on the site. No user can register more than once on the site. Please note that once you register yourself on the IRCTC site, you are deemed to have agreed to the terms and conditions set forth below. If You do not agree with all these terms and conditions, you must not transact on this Website. Once you have clicked the 'I Agree' buttons at the bottom of these Terms and Conditions you have entered into a formal agreement with IRCTC for the purpose of transactions on this website.

If a user violates the terms and conditions of use by registering more than one userid and or booking tickets on such multiple userid’s, IRCTC reserves the right to deactivate all such user registration and cancel any or all ticket booked using these registrations without any notice. Garbage/Junk values in profile may lead to Deactivation.

IRCTC's performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal processes of Govt. Of India, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of IRCTC's right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of this Web Site or information provided to or gathered by IRCTC with respect to such use. You agree that IRCTC may provide details of your use of the Web Site to regulators or police or to any other third party, or in order to resolve disputes or complaints which relate to the Web Site, at IRCTC’s complete discretion.

If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth herein, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.

This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the customer and IRCTC with respect to this Web Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between the customer and IRCTC with respect to this Web Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form

This agreement is made between: IRCTC (“Us”) and The User (“You”), the individual, whose details are set out in the User Registration page.

  2.1 TICKET BOOKING AND DISPATCH SERVICES

Supply By Us: We agree to provide online ticket booking facilities to registered users who agree to the terms and condition set forth in this document.

Standard of Service: We will supply the service to you with reasonable care and skill.

Service Hours: Booking through Internet is allowed from 00:20 AM to 11:45 PM (Indian Standard Time) on all days including Sundays. Service hours are liable to be changed without prior notice.
Opening day booking ($)(120th day in advance, excluding the date of journey) will be available only after 8 AM. If you try booking before 8 AM, for opening day's tickets, the reservation will fail, with your account getting debited; IRCTC will refund the entire fare and IRCTC's service charges , but the bank/card transaction charges are likely to be forfeited.

($)(Opening day means 120 days in advance of the date of journey (journey date not to be included) from train originating station . Please note that in case of some intercity day trains, the ARP (advance reservation period) is less than 60 days. ) For Tatkal booking, opening day means one day in advance from date of departure of train from originating station. For e.g.-if train is to depart from originating station on 2nd August, Tatkal Booking for AC class will Commence at 10:00 AM and for Non AC class will Commence at 11:00 AM on 1st August(in case of E-Tickets Only).

Issue of Tickets User Registration: You must be a registered user to use our site to book tickets and for any type of enquiries. No user can register more than once on the site. All payments towards the cost of the tickets issued will be through one of the payment mode provided on the payment page. Our site is VeriSign secured and your credit card details will travel on the Internet in a fully encrypted(128 bit, browser independent encryption)form. To ensure security, your card details are NOT stored in our Website.

Scope of Service: IRCTC makes no guarantee that any service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.

Rules Governing the Booking of Tickets through Internet: Normal Booking (Other than Tatkal Booking) is allowed for journey by any train from the train starting station to any intermediate halting station or to the destination of the train or from one halting station to another halting station on the train route subject to distance restriction prescribed for the concerned train. Example: Suppose a train is running from New Delhi to Chennai with halting stations at Agra and Vijaywada, a passenger can book either for New Delhi-Agra, New Delhi-Vijayawada, New Delhi-Chennai, Agra-Vijaywada, Agra-Chennai or Vijayawada-Chennai subject to distance restrictions imposed by the Indian Railways. The facilities not available for tickets booked on Internet vis-à-vis tickets booked at PRS counters are available in Para B above.

All rules and regulations applicable for reservation of seats/berths and charging of fare for rail reservation on Indian Railway's PRS will also apply to reservation through the Internet.

On I-Tickets and E-Tickets (Including Tatkal), Confirmed / RAC / WL status tickets will be booked.

Allotment of coach/berth/seats will be done as per existing allocation logic available in the PRS. We do not guarantee allotment of seat/berth of your choice. Furthermore, it is not possible for us to advise you whether your choice of berth is being allotted or not. In case a lady passenger alone or with children under 12 years, is willing to reserve berth/berths in ladies quota wherever earmarked, she can give choice 'Ladies' in the field of quota. If berths are available in ladies quota the system will allot accommodation in ladies cabin otherwise accommodation will be allotted in General quota, as available. In case of 1AC booking, Coach/Seat No will be given at the time of charting.

Confirmation of Booking: Your booking and reservation will be confirmed online, after you complete the transaction successfully. Further, the system will issue you a unique Transaction ID for each booking. Payment on your credit card is processed by one of the five Payment Gateways viz ICICI / Citibank/HDFCPG / American Express/AXIS Payment Gateways. The Choice of Payment Gateway lies with you. If any one of the Payment Gateway is not functioning please try the other one available. Booking of tickets is subject to realization of fare and the service charges (including Service Tax) from concerned Bank through the Payment Gateway. You will be responsible for all charges, fees, duties, taxes and assessments arising out of your use of this Website.

If, for any reason, the reservation does not materialise, the entire amount debited from your card account will be credited back to your card account. If you want to try for the same reservation again, it will be treated as a fresh booking.

Users may view the analysis of the behavior of Payment Gateways/Banks from link general->Bank Statistics

Payment Option:

Click Here To know the list of payment options available along with bank / payment gateway transaction charges.
After pressing the “Buy” button, if the “Ticket reservation output page” is not displayed on your monitor due to power failure or Internet link failure, please click the “Booked Tickets” menu on the left side of the screen. This page contains all the details of the tickets booked by you. If the reservation desired by you finds a place in the above page, you can note down the transaction id, PNR and other details. The tickets will be delivered as desired by you. You are also advised to check your e-mail or contact IRCTC, if necessary. In case user fails to check his "booked Tickets", does a repeated transaction, also fails to cancel the ticket. The user shall have no right to claim the amount. The loss on this account shall not be borne either by IRCTC or by the Banks /Payment Gateways.

For detailed guidelines regarding booking of tickets, click below How to Book tickets online – A Guide

E-ticket 
I-ticket

  2.2 Non Delivery of Ticket :

If the courier is unable to deliver the ticket – due to nobody being available at the address or proof of identity as indicated above not being produced in original – a card indicating the address and phone number of the courier’s office will be left at the destination address. The customer is required to call the courier and advise when a delivery should be made. The customer can also choose to go over to the courier’s office, with suitable proof of identity in original and can collect the ticket personally.

If after three attempts by the courier and subsequent attempts to contact the customer by IRCTC , the ticket cannot be delivered, it will be returned to IRCTC and it will be customer’s responsibility to collect it from IRCTC’s office producing necessary proof of identity. IRCTC will not be responsible for any loss, damage, inconvenience etc. on this account.

  2.3 Non-authorization of payment more than once by payment gateway for tickets booked by you is liable to result in deregistration of your account with this site, without any notice.

  2.4 Charges You are required to pay the cost of the ticket and the service charge (including Service Tax) as indicated in the reservation page through any one of the payment options provided on the page.

For I-Ticket service charge at Rs. 80/-per ticket plus service tax (not per passenger) for Sleeper Class/Second class and Rs 120/- per ticket plus service tax (not per passenger) for higher classes will be levied.

For E-Ticket IRCTC service charges is Rs.20/- plus service tax (second / sleeper) and Rs.40/- plus service tax for higher class. Service charge levied is not refundable. Further the transaction charges as indicated on the payment page will be levied by the bankers. Difference of fare if any due later, consequent to revision in tariffs etc. shall have to be paid by you at the station before commencement of your journey.

For booking through mobile phones, the operators charge differently. Please confirm from your mobile operator these details before attempting to book tickets through your handsets.

  2.5 After booking the tickets through this site, the details of berth/seat number, RAC/Waitlist position at the time of booking, PNR No and a unique Transaction ID will appear on your screen. You must preserve the Transaction ID and all other details for future reference.

  2.6 CANCELLATION/REFUND/MODIFICATION OF TICKETS I-tickets Cancellation: For I-tickets, cancellation is not possible on the Internet. To cancel a ticket, the customer will have to submit the ticket at a PRS counter. The fare paid by the customer will be refunded electronically (as credit to the relevant credit card / account used for the transaction) after deducting cancellation charges. Bank charges that are being levied by the Payment Gateways/Banks are not subject to refund in the event of cancellation of tickets by the Customer. The cancellation charge is determined by the Indian Railway's rules for cancellation and is based on the time of cancellation and the status of the ticket. The service charge is not refunded.PRS counter will issue a cancellation ticket/receipt and IRCTC will credit the amount of refund due, to the customer's account. No cash refund will be given to the passenger.

For details please refer to the Indian Railways' rules for Cancellation.

E-ticket 
I-ticket

  2.7 Cancellation of I-tickets can be done on all PRS counters from 08.00 A.M. to 8:00 P.M. on weekdays and from 08.00 A.M. to 2.00 P.M. on Sundays. On closure of PRS counters at 8.00 P.M on weekdays and at 02.00 P.M. on Sundays, the passenger may approach for cancellation at refund terminals provided at certain stations.

Such cancellations through the refund terminals are allowed only for tickets available for travel on the same day and up to 12 hrs on the following day. I-Tickets can also be cancelled at the boarding station, within 6 hours before the scheduled departure of the train and upto two hours irrespective of distance.

In case refund terminals are not available due to any reason, to cancel such tickets, the passenger may get his ticket cancelled manually through the stationmaster and get Ticket Deposit Receipt (TDR) and apply for refund to IRCTC. The application should be addressed to, 
General Manager (Operations), 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Ltd.
1stFloor, Internet Ticketing Centre
IRCA Building, State Entry Road,
New Delhi - 110055

  2.8 In the case of night trains leaving between 09.00 P.M. and 06.00 A.M. (actual departure) I-tickets can be cancelled at PRS counters within the time limit specified in the cancellation rules or within four hours after the opening of reservation office on the following day whichever is later.

  2.9 REFUND IN FAILED TRANSACTIONS / CANCELLED TICKETS: Though IRCTC's payment reconciliation team works on a 24 x 7 basis, IRCTC offers no guarantees whatsoever for the accuracy or timeliness of the refunds reaching the Customers card/bank accounts. This is on account of the multiplicity of organizations involved in processing of online transactions, the problems with Internet infrastructure currently available and working days/holidays of financial institutions. On line Cancellation of I-tickets is not provided through Internet. For cancellation/partial cancellations, the journey ticket is to be presented to the nearest Railway reservation office along with a requisition for cancellation/partial cancellation. The ticket is cancelled, partly cancelled by the Railways but no cash refund is permitted against such tickets. The Railways send a refund file to IRCTC on the next day with respect to the above type of transactions (Fare less the cancellation cha rges as per extent railway rules) and the refund amount received from the Railways is credited to the customer's account electronically. E-tickets however can be cancelled on line up to preparation of the chart.

To get the refund quickly, customers are advised to cancel their tickets within the prescribed time limits, wherever possible. In cases where the tickets are not cancelled within the prescribed time limits, the customers should deposit their I-Tickets with the nearest station master and get a ticket deposit receipt (TDR) and send the same in original to IRCTC for condoning the delay for cancellation of tickets. In case a passenger faces any problem in cancelling an E-Ticket online, He should apply for cancellation by sending the E-ticket details through email to etickets@irctc.co.in. IRCTC will process such cases with the Railways for grant of the due refund on behalf of the customer. The time taken and amount of refund granted in such cases is dependent on the merit of each case and is to be decided by the Railways and IRCTC not responsible for delays at the railway end in any such case. Amount of refund whenever received from the Railways shall be credited to the c u stomer's account immediately.

  2.10 USER REGISTRATION: You will receive a password and account designation upon completing our registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You will be by default registered with www.railtourismindia.com

(a) Immediately notify care@irctc.co.in of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and 
(b) Ensure that you Logout from your account at the end of each session. IRCTC cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this.

I-Tickets
Supply By Us: We agree to provide online ticket booking facilities to registered users who agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this document.

I-Tickets -delivered to the customer at his desired address through courier. This delivery of I-Tickets through courier is limited to postal addresses covered by the pin codes listed under the link "Places of Delivery ".For details of areas where courier delivery is provided at present, categorized by PINCODE, please Click here. On the Internet, request for reservation will be entertained as under:

For I-tickets that are to be delivered by courier to the customer, there must be two clear calendar days between the booking date and the date of travel. , e.g. booking on 18th should be for journey on 21st or later (3 clear days for certain destinations). For details of areas covered, please Click here
I-tickets cannot be booked for dates of journey prior to the limits specified above.

Proof of Identity: We will only release possession of the ticket to the registered user on production of proof of identity in original (This could be Passport / Voter photo identity card issued by Election Commission of India / Driving Licence issued by RTO / Pan Card issued by Income Tax Department / Photo Identity card having serial number issued by Central / State Government / Student Identity Card with photograph issued by recognized School/College for their students / Nationalized Bank Passbook with photographs / Credit Cards issued by Banks with laminated photograph /Unique Identification Card "Aadhaar” / Photo identity cards having serial number issued by public sector Undertakings of State/Central Government, District Administrations, Municipal bodies and Panchayat Administrations will be accepted as proof of identity for undertaking journey under Tatkal scheme only if the passenger whose photograph is available on the ration card is travelling) If the registered user cannot be present to receive the ticket, the I-ticket can be delivered to any person authorized by him (on production of a signed authorization from the user indicating the transaction ID and identification as listed above). If either of the above is not possible, the ticket will not be delivered but will be retained by IRCTC.IRCTC will be liable for only those non-delivery cases of I-tickets where the information received from customer about non delivery of the I-ticket via mail on care@irctc.co.in is before the journey date. In case of undelivered I-ticket, IRCTC will be liable to refund only the full amount of Railway fare with IRCTC service charge. IRCTC will not be responsible for any loss or damage or inconvenience to the customer on the above account.

Any one of the passengers/the passenger booked on I-ticket, undertaking journey in AC-3 tier, AC-2 tier, 1st AC, AC Chair Car and Executive Classes, will also have to carry any one of the ten prescribed proofs of identity in original) during the journey and produce the same failing which all the passengers booked on that ticket will be treated as without ticket and charged accordingly w.e.f. 15-02-2012

In case the passengers who are automatically upgraded by the system from Sleeper class to Air-conditioned class and in case of passengers who are upgraded by on-board ticket checking staff on realization of difference of fare, the condition of carrying proof of identity during the journey shall not be applicable.

On I-Tickets and E-Tickets (Including Tatkal), Confirmed / RAC / WL status tickets will be booked.

Dispatch of Tickets (For I-tickets): Once you have done your booking and the transaction is successful, the ticket will be dispatched to the address provided in the Ticket Booking page. For the present, delivery of tickets is limited to postal addresses covered by the pin codes listed under the link "Places of Delivery ". For details of areas where courier delivery is provided at present, categorized by PINCODE, Click here. 
Place of delivery Click here

CANCELLATION/REFUND OF I-TICKETS: For I-tickets, no cancellations will be provided on the Internet. To cancel a ticket, the customer will have to submit the ticket at a PRS counter. PRS counter shall cancel the tickets however no cash refunds shall be given instead the due amount shall be credited electronically.

Modification: Modification of journey on I-tickets (except Tatkal) booked through Internet can be done only at railway PRS counters in accordance with the Railway rules on the subject. Any financial transactions necessitated by the modification shall be done in cash at the Railway counter at the time of modification.

E-Tickets
The provision for specifying ID proof at the time of booking an e-ticket has been dispensed with. The accommodation booked is not transferable and is valid only if one of the passenger booked on an e-ticket in a transaction presents any of the identity cards(Passport / Voter photo identity card issued by Election Commission of India / Driving Licence issued by RTO / Pan Card issued by Income Tax Department / Photo Identity card having serial number issued by Central / State Government / Student Identity Card with photograph issued by recognized School/College for their students / Nationalized Bank Passbook with photographs / Credit Cards issued by Banks with laminated photograph /Unique Identification Card "Aadhaar” / Photo identity cards having serial number issued by public sector Undertakings of State/Central Government, District Administrations, Municipal bodies and Panchayat Administrations.) in original during train journey and same will be accepted as proof of iden tity failing which the passengers will be treated as travelling without ticket and shall be dealt with as per extant Railway Rules. Ration card will be accepted as proof of identity for undertaking journey under Tatkal scheme only if the passenger whose photograph is available on the ration card is travelling.

Scope of the term "photo identity card having serial number issued by Central/State Government" permissible under the scheme is very wide and it covers a large number of photo identity cards, some of which are as under:

Pension Pay Orders(PPO)
Ration Card with photographs
Senior citizen cards
Below Poverty (BPL) cards
ESI cards (with photograph) issued for taking treatment in ESI dispensaries
CGHS Cards (with photograph) issued to individual family menbers of Central Govt. employees.


The user can take a printout of the Electronic Registration Slip (ERS) and perform the journey, duly carrying the authorized Original Identity Card of any one of the passenger travelling in the PNR during train journey.

For e-reservations-the ticket can be booked up to the chart preparation time for the train.

E-Tickets (Reservations) can be cancelled only through Internet till Chart preparation of the train and it is not allowed at face to face Railway Counters. If the user wishes to cancel his e-Ticket, he can do so till the time of chart preparation for the train through the Internet. He can log on to www.services.irctc.co.in and go to Booked Tickets link and select the ticket to be cancelled and can initiate the cancellation by selecting the passengers to be cancelled. Cancellation would be confirmed online and the refund would be credited back to the account used for booking as for normal Internet tickets. If there is any partial cancellation of ticket please ensure that the modified ticket (Electronic Reservation Slip) is printed separately. 

Electronic Reservation Slip (ERS)/Virtual Reservation Message (VRM)/ SMS sent by IRCTC along with any one of the ten prescribed ID proofs in original and the indication of the passenger(s)' name(s) in the Reservation Chart will authorize the passenger(s) to travel. ERS/VRM/SMS sent by IRCTC along with one of the ten prescribed proofs of identity in original will also authorize the passenger to enter the platform on the day of journey and he/she will not be required to purchase platform ticket. ERS/VRM/SMS sent by IRCTC along with original id proof will be required to be produced on demand by Ticket Checking Staff on the platform. The ERS/VRM/SMS sent by IRCTC along with the ID proof in original would be verified by TTE with the name and PNR on the chart. If the passenger fails to produce/display ERS/VRM/SMS sent by IRCTC due to any eventuality (loss, discharged mobile/laptop, etc) but has the prescribed original proof of identity, a penalty of Rs. 50/- per ticket as applicable to such cases will be levied. The ticket checking staffon train/at station will give EFT for the same.

For any claims on E-tickets after the preparation of Reservation charts, the user has to send an email from the email ID mentioned in his profile at the earliest possible time to etickets@irctc.co.in giving full details of the ticket and stating the claim, which would then be processed by IRCTC with the Railway administration offline and refunds as sanctioned by the Railway administration would be credited back to the user's account.

Tatkal Tickets
Tatkal E-tickets can be booked one day in advance excluding the date of journey from the train originating station.It can be booked on the opening day from 10:00 hrs for AC class (1A/2A/3A/CC/EC/3E) and at 11:00 hrs for Non- AC class(SL/FC/2S) . e .g. if train is to depart from originating station on 2nd August, Tatkal Booking for AC class will Commence at 10:00 AM and for Non AC class will Commence at 11:00 AM on 1st August.Click here

The provision for specifying ID proof at the time of booking a Tatkal e-ticket has been started from 21-11-2011. 
For booking Tatkal e-tickets, each of the passengers (mandatory for at least one passenger) can enter his/her ID proof type and number against his/her name in reservation form, which is to be used for travel. These details will be printed on the ERS/VRM as well as in the reservation chart. 
During the journey, at least one passenger, whose identity card number has been indicated on the ticket, will have to produce original proof of identity indicated on the ticket, failing which all the passengers booked on the ticket shall be treated as travelling without ticket and charged accordingly.

Tatkal Booking facility provides Confirmed / Waitlisted tickets (for E-Tickets only) against Tatkal quota, in any class except 1 AC, for journey between source/remote stations having Tatkal Quota to destination.

Tatkal I-Tickets cannot be booked. Only Tatkal E-Tickets can be booked.

Maximum four passengers per PNR can be booked on Tatkal e-ticket.

Tatkal charges per passenger in addition to normal ticket.

The Tatkal Charges have been fixed as a percentage of fare at the rate of 10% of basic fare for second class and 30% of basic fare for all other classes subject to minimum and maximum as given in the table below:-

Tatkal Charges before journey starting date 24.12.2015


Class of Travel	Minimum Tatkal Charges (in Rs.)	Maximum Tatkal Charges (in Rs.)
Second (sitting)	10	15
Sleeper	90	175
AC Chair Car	100	200
AC 3 Tier	250	350
AC 2 Tier	300	400
Executive	300	400
Tatkal Charges applicable for journey starting from 24.12.2015 onwards


Class of Travel	Minimum Tatkal Charges (in Rs.)	Maximum Tatkal Charges (in Rs.)	Minimum Distance for charge(in Km)
Second (sitting)	10	15	100
Sleeper	100	200	500
AC Chair Car	125	225	250
AC 3 Tier	300	400	500
AC 2 Tier	400	500	500
Executive	400	500	250
The above charges will be levied uniformly both in peak period & non-peak periods.

On Cancellation - No refund will be granted on cancellation of confirmed Tatkal tickets. For contingent cancellation & waitlisted Tatkal ticket cancellations, charges will be deducted as per existing Railway rules.

Partial cancellation of Tatkal e-tickets is allowed.

Student Concession :
Only I-tickets can be exchanged with student concession by presenting the I-ticket and the valid student concession order to the nearest Railway Reservation Office. The Student Concession tickets are permitted only in Sleeper Class (SL) and 2nd Sitting (2S). Presently it is not permitted in e-tickets. In I-tickets, in case a student purchases a fully paid ticket in advance and the ticket is delivered to him through courier and subsequently he get a student concession from his educational institution. It is possible for him to exchange his fully paid ticket with a "Student Concession Ticket" By going to the reservation office along with his journey cum reservation ticket and a request for exchanging the same with the student concession. He will surrender his original fully paid ticket and a student concession ticket with the revised fare (with same seat/berth number status) shall be issued to him. The difference of fare (paid and payable) less the clerk age charge of Rs. 2 0/- shall be refunded and shall be credited to his account electronically on the next day by IRCTC on receipt of refund file from the Railways.

Complaints Procedure:
You can reach us at care@irctc.co.in.Do contact us at 24*7 Hrs. Customer Support at 011-39340000.

Your obligations
General Obligations: You shall access our web site only for lawful purposes and you shall be responsible for complying with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations in connection with the use of our web site. This Website is for your personal and non-commercial use. You shall not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information, products or services obtained from this Website. You shall not create a hypertext link to the Website or "frame" the Website, except with the express advance written permission of IRCTC.

Information Provided: The information you provide in the Registration page must be complete and accurate. IRCTC reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as IRCTC deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or Governmental request.

Use of the Online Reservation Service and Mobile Reservation Service: You may only use this service to make legitimate bookings / reservations i.e., you may not use this service to book tickets for the purpose of commercial resale and profit. Without limitation, any speculative, false or fraudulent reservation or any reservation in anticipation of demand is prohibited.

Non-authorization of payment more than once by payment gateway for tickets booked by you is liable to result in deregistration of your account with this site, without any notice.

Customer Responsibility: You confirm to us that you are 18 years of age or above and have the legal capacity to enter into this Agreement with us and that all information you provide in respect of your use of the service is true and accurate to the best of your knowledge and belief. You are responsible for the security of your password and for all transactions undertaken using your password through our service. The Password entered by you is transmitted in one- way encrypted form to our database and stored as such. Thus the Password will not be known even to IRCTC. You confirm that you are the authorized holder of the credit card or the original account holder used in the transactions you make using the site and you alone use the "id" and "password" you have created in the site. Railways/IRCTC will not be responsible for any financial loss, inconvenience or mental agony resulting from misuse of your ID/password/credit card number/account details number for booking tickets on this site.

Liability
Limitation of Liability: We shall not be liable to you save as expressly provided for in these terms and conditions and shall have no other obligations, duties or liabilities whatsoever in contract, tort or otherwise arising out of the use of the service or connection to the web site. To the maximum extent permitted by law, IRCTC and/or its respective suppliers hereby disclaims all warranties, terms and conditions with regard to this information, products and services including all implied warranties, terms and conditions, by statute, collaterally or otherwise, of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement in no event, shall IRCTC and / or its suppliers be liable for any loss of profit, loss of opportunity, loss of business, loss of revenue, wasted time, wasted costs, indirect, incidental, special or consequential loss arising out of, or in any way connected with the use of this Website or with the delay or inability to use this Web site or for any information, products and services obtained through this Website or otherwise arising out of the use of this website whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, even if IRCTC or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages.

Accuracy of Information: We shall use reasonable endeavors to check the accuracy of the information published on this web site. We give no warranty as to the accuracy of such information given on our web site and reserve the right to amend and vary the contents of this web site from time to time without notice. The IRCTC Sites/Services may contain links to third party Web sites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of IRCTC and IRCTC is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. IRCTC is not responsible for web casting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site nor is IRCTC responsible if the Linked Site is not working appropriately. IRCTC is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by IRCTC of the site or any association with its operators. Yo u are responsible for viewing and abiding by the privacy statements and terms of use posted at the Linked Sites.

Any transactions with third parties including advertisers on this website or participation in promotions, including the delivery of and the payment for goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings or promotions, are solely between you and the advertiser or other third party. IRCTC shall not be responsible or liable for any part of any such dealings or promotions.

Maximum Liability: The maximum amount of our liability to you for all loss or damage arising out of your use of our web site and the service whether in contract or tort (including any liability for negligence howsoever arising out of or in connection with the performance of our obligations in the provision of the web site and this service) shall be limited to the value of the ticket purchased for your use through this service.

Exclusion of Liability: We shall not be liable to you for any of the following types of loss or damage arising out of your use of our web site and the service whether in contract or tort (including any liability for negligence howsoever arising out of or in connection with the performance of our obligations in the provision of the web site and this service): 
i. Loss of revenue, business, anticipated savings or profits; or 
ii. Any indirect or consequential loss howsoever arising.

Earnest efforts will be made to deliver tickets to the customer within two days following the date of booking (3 clear days for certain destinations). For details of areas covered, Click here. IRCTC and Indian Railway will accept no indirect or consequential liabilities with regard to any delay in delivery.

Exclusion of other Warranties/Remedies: You acknowledge and agree that in entering into the Agreement, you do not rely on and shall have no remedy in respect of any statement, representation or warranty given by any person (including as to condition, quality and fitness for purpose). ALL warranties implied by statute, common law, custom or otherwise as to the standard of the service and the accuracy of any information (other than fraudulent misrepresentation) provided on this web site are hereby excluded.

Force Majeure: We shall not be liable to you in respect of any delay in performance of these terms and conditions or delay in performance or breach of the terms and conditions due to any event or circumstances beyond our reasonable control.

Termination
Our Termination Rights: We may at any time at our sole discretion and without giving any reason or any prior notice terminate or temporarily suspend your access to all or any part of the web site.

Use of Tickets
You must check your ticket for errors, if any, as soon as you receive it. If an error is noticed and the ticket does not comply with the information set out in the reservation page, you must inform us of the same immediately at Phone no 011-39340000 24X7 .

Exclusion of liability for cancellation of trains: Please note that in case of cancellation/diversion/termination short of destination of trains, the Indian Railways Rules apply which contain limitations and exclusions relating to the liability of the Indian Railways to the customer in respect of loss or damage caused by the delay/diversion/termination short of destination and/or cancellation of any train, any missed connection, or closure of the railway.

The IRCTC provides only the facility of interacting with the Indian Railway’s PRS system thru the Internet. The IRCTC is not responsible for providing train services or any other service thru this site.

Governing Law:
Indian Law and the courts of New Delhi, India govern This Agreement and your use of the web site. You hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in New Delhi, India in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the IRCTC Sites/Services. Use of the IRCTC Sites/Services is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph.

Entire Agreement: This Agreement including any document referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between us and you in respect of your use of this service.

Third Party Rights: Nothing in this Agreement shall be taken as granting any rights expressly or implicitly whether contractual or statutory to persons other than you or us.

Website Contents: All content and software (if any) that is made available to view and/or download in connection with the IRCTC Sites/Services, excluding content and/or software that may be made available by end-users through a Communication Service, ("Software") is owned by and is the copyrighted work of IRCTC and/or its suppliers and is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Your use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software ("License Agreement").

No part of this site shall be reproduced in any form whether electronically or otherwise without the prior consent of IRCTC Ltd. other than temporarily in the course of using the IRCTC service or to keep a record of transactions entered into using the service.

Materials Provided to IRCTC: IRCTC does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to IRCTC (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any IRCTC Site/Service or its associated services for review by the general public (each a "Submission" and collectively "Submissions"). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting IRCTC, its affiliated companies and necessary sub licensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission. No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. IRCTC is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and IRCTC may remove any S ubmission at any time in its sole discretion. By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.

Severability: Each of the provisions of these terms and conditions shall be separate and severable. Should any provision be invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed from the terms and conditions, and the remaining provisions of these terms and conditions shall continue in full force and effect and be amended so far as possible to give valid effect to the intentions of the parties under the severed provision.

Waiver: The failure to exercise or delay in exercising any right or remedy under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of the right or remedy or a waiver of any other rights or remedies under this Agreement or at law. A waiver by us of any terms or conditions in any instance should not be considered to be a waiver of any term or condition for the future or of any subsequent breach.

No partnership: Nothing in this Agreement shall operate so as to create a partnership, joint venture, an agency relationship or employment of any kind between you and us.

All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.

Disclaimer
Indian Railways and IRCTC are not responsible for wrong booking due to incorrect details furnished by the customer Advertising Material: Parts of the Site contain advertising/other material submitted to www.services.irctc.co.in by third parties. Responsibility for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the Site complies with applicable International and National law is exclusively on the advertisers and IRCTC will not be responsible for any claim, error, omission or inaccuracy in advertising material.

Link to other sites: www.services.irctc.co.in may contain images of and links to third party Web sites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of IRCTC and IRCTC is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. IRCTC is not responsible for web casting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site nor is IRCTC responsible if the Linked Site is not working appropriately. IRCTC is providing these links to you only as a convenience or value addition, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by IRCTC of the site or any association with its operators. The visitor is responsible for viewing and abiding by the privacy statements and terms of use posted at the Linked Sites.

Promotions: IRCTC does not endorse or guarantee on quality of any goods and services that are being promoted by the vendors of such goods and services through the medium of www.services.irctc.co.in Any transactions with third parties including advertisers on this website or participation in promotions, including the delivery of and the payment for goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings or promotions, are solely between you and the advertiser or other third party. IRCTC shall not be responsible or liable for any part of any such dealings or promotions.

Privacy Policy
IRCTC respects and protects the privacy of the individuals who use IRCTC's services. Individually identifiable information about you is not willfully disclosed to any third party without first receiving your permission, as explained in this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy").

Cookies: Upon your first visit to www.services.irctc.co.in, we send a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is apiece of data that identifies you as a unique user. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service and to understand our user base more. We do this by storing user preferences in cookie sand by tracking user trends and patterns of how people transact on our site. IRCTC will not disclose its cookies to third parties except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant or court order.

Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Be aware, however, that some parts of our services may not function properly if you refuse cookies.

What Information Do We Collect? : Except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information, we do not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, email address, etc.). IRCTC notes and saves information such as time of day, browser type, browser language, and IP address with each query. This information is used to verify our records and to provide more relevant services to users.

Links to Other Sites: people over whom IRCTC exercises no control develop the sites linked to www.services.irctc.co.in. Other parties, such as those advertising on our pages or those advertising thorough our envelopes carrying tickets are also in no way under the control or influence of IRCTC. These other sites /parties may send their own cookies / messages to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. Our users may give such information or data only at their personal discretion.

With Whom Does IRCTC Share Information? : IRCTC will not share your personal data with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties without your express consent. However, we may divulge aggregate information about our users. For example, we may disclose how frequently the average user visits www.services.irctc.co.in, or the age distribution of our aggregate customer set or the frequency of use of PNR enquiry page etc. etc. Please be aware, however, that we will release specific personal information about you if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, court order etc.

Your consent and changes to the Privacy Policy By using the www.services.irctc.co.in, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this policy and to our Terms & Conditions. IRCTC may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

Who can I ask if I have additional questions? :Do contact us at 24X7 Hrs. Customer Support at 011-39340000 . Our email address is care@irctc.co.in

 	
TOP
Mumbai Suburban Season Ticket Terms & Conditions
Services Offered
Services NOT Offered
Dispatch and delivery of tickets
Charges
Use of tickets
Others
The IRCTC provides the facility for transacting with Mumbai suburban season ticket System through the Internet. All Rules and regulations pertaining to Mumbai suburban season ticket booking will apply to all such transactions along with special conditions imposed for Internet based booking.

Services Offered

Online Booking facility of Mumbai suburban season ticket for registered users who agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this document.

Booking through Internet is allowed from 03:00 AM to 11:00 PM (Indian Standard Time) on all days including Sundays. Service hours are liable to be changed without prior notice.

Season Ticket Booking is allowed against adult quota only.

Registered users will be able to purchase a season ticket from 2 days up to 10 days in advance of the date of booking.

For season tickets to be delivered by courier to the customer there must be two clear calendar days between the booking date and the date of travel. , e.g. on 1st you can book season ticket valid from 4th (2 clear days) up to 10th.
Services NOT Offered

Concessional season tickets booked through Internet.

CANCELLATION/REFUND/MODIFICATION OF TICKETS -For MUMBAI suburban season tickets booked through internet, no cancellations/refund/modification will be permitted on the Internet or through counter.

Season ticket booking for child ticket.

Student concession.

Modification and Cancellation of season tickets

Issue of duplicate tickets for lost, mutilated or torn season tickets.

Change of source station and destination stations of season tickets .

Personal Collection of tickets by customers from any designated centers.

Dispatch and delivery of tickets

Tickets will be delivered to the customer at his desired address through courier. This delivery of season tickets through courier is limited to postal addresses covered by the pin codes listed under the link "Places of Delivery ". This delivery of season Tickets through courier is limited to the following places.

1. Mumbai
2. Nashik 
3. Pune 
4. Surat 
5. Thane 
Proof of Identity: We will only release possession of the ticket to the registered user on production of proof of identity in original (Passport / Voter photo identity card issued by Election Commission of India / Driving Licence issued by RTO / Pan Card issued by Income Tax Department / Photo Identity card having serial number issued by Central / State Government / Student Identity Card with photograph issued by recognized School/College for their students / Nationalized Bank Passbook with photographs / Credit Cards issued by Banks with laminated photograph /Unique Identification Card "Aadhaar” / Photo identity cards having serial number issued by public sector Undertakings of State/Central Government, District Administrations, Municipal bodies and Panchayat Administrations will be accepted as proof of identity for undertaking journey under Tatkal scheme only if the passenger whose photograph is available on the ration card is travelling) If the registered user cannot b e present to receive the ticket, the ticket can be delivered to any person authorized by him (on production of a signed authorization from the user indicating the transaction ID and identification as listed above). If either of the above is not possible, the ticket will not be delivered but will be retained by IRCTC. IRCTC will not be responsible for any loss or damage or inconvenience to the customer on the above account.

Dispatch of Tickets: Once you have done your booking and the transaction is successful, the ticket will be dispatched to the address provided in the Ticket Booking page. For the present, delivery of tickets is limited to postal addresses covered by the pin codes listed under the link "Places of Delivery ".This delivery of season Tickets through courier is limited to the following places.

1. Mumbai
2. Nashik 
3. Pune 
4. Surat 
5. Thane 
Non Delivery of Ticket: If the courier is unable to deliver the ticket - due to nobody being available at the address or proof of identity as indicated above not being produced in original - a card indicating the address and phone number of the courier’s office will be left at the destination address. The customer is required to call the courier and advise when the delivery should be made. The customer can also choose to go over to the courier’s office, with suitable proof of identity in original and can collect the ticket personally.

If after three attempts by the courier and subsequent attempts to contact the customer by IRCTC, the ticket cannot be delivered, it will be returned to IRCTC and it will be customer’s responsibility to collect it from IRCTC’s office producing necessary proof of identity. IRCTC will not be responsible for any loss, damage, inconvenience etc. on this account.

Charges

Services charges Nil for all classes

Refund failed: Though IRCTC's payment reconciliation team works on a 24 x 7 basis, IRCTC offers no guarantees whatsoever for the accuracy or timeliness of the refunds reaching the Customers card/bank accounts. This is on account of the multiplicity of organizations involved in processing of online transactions, the problems with Internet infrastructure currently available and working days/holidays of financial institutions.

Use of Tickets

You must check your ticket for errors, if any, as soon as you receive it. If an error is noticed and the ticket does not comply with the information set out in the reservation page, Do contact us at 24X7 Hrs. Customer Support at 011-39340000.

Others

Every season ticket will have the Identity card number printed in it. If the Identity card printed on the Season ticket of the passenger does not match with original Identity card, passenger will be treated as passenger traveling without tickets and dealt with accordingly. It is requested to take at most care while filling the Identity card numbers during booking your tickets. Cancellation of season tickets is not permitted and IRCTC will not be responsible for any loss or damage or inconvenience to the customer on the above account.

Season ticket issued through Internet are valid only along with ,the identity card issued by the railway with photograph of the holder duly pasted on the Identity card .Passenger found traveling on season tickets without Identity card will be treated as passengers travelling without tickets and dealt with accordingly.

After pressing the “Buy” button, if the “Ticket reservation confirmation page” is not displayed on your monitor due to power failure or Internet link /communication failure, please click the “Transaction History” menu on the left side of the screen. This page will display as highlighted those cases whose booking status we have not received due to communication problem along with other successful booking details.

User can click the "Update ticket status" option available in Transaction History Page to know the status of the ticket .If ticket status is booked You will be displayed the ticket details along with confirmation message. If ticket not booked user can retry booking by clicking the "Book my Season ticket" link on the left side of the screen. You are also advised to check your e-mail or contact IRCTC, if necessary.

It may be noted that one user can have only one userid .If you have more than one userid ,IRCTC reserve the right to cancel any or both userid. For customers who book tickets with more than one user id, IRCTC will not be responsible for any loss/damage or inconvenience to the customer

Who can I ask if I have additional questions? : Feel free to contact us any time and we'll answer any additional questions you may have. Call us at Delhi 011-39340000 24*7 Hrs Our email address is seasontickets@irctc.co.in