Olacabs Terms & Conditions
Updated effective from December 23, 2016
This Site/ Application/ Services is/are operated /provided by ANI Technologies Private Limited.

These terms and conditions ("User Terms") apply to Your visit to and use, of the Site whether through a computer or a mobile phone, the Service and the Application, as well as to all information, recommendations and or services provided to You on or through the Site, the Service and the Application. This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules thereunder as applicable and the provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures. By clicking on the "I ACCEPT" button, You are consenting to be bound by these User Terms. PLEASE ENSURE THAT YOU READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL THESE USER TERMS BEFORE YOU USE THE SITE. If You do not accept any of the User Terms, then please do not use the Site or avail any of the services being provided therein. YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE USER TERMS SHALL OPERATE AS A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND OLA IN RESPECT OF THE USE AND SERVICES OF THE SITE.

Your acceptance of the User Terms shall be deemed to include your acceptance of the privacy policy available at https://www.olacabs.com/info/faqs#privacyPolicy.

By accepting these User Terms, you also allow Ola to send you promotional emails and SMS alerts from time to time.

IT IS HEREBY EXPRESSLY CLARIFIED THAT THESE USER TERMS WILL NOT APPLY TO A CUSTOMER TAKING ‘OLA CORPORATE RIDES’ I.E., FOR CUSTOMERS WHO ARE EMPLOYEES OF CORPORATE ENTITIES WITH WHOM OLA HAS A DIRECT ARRANGEMENT.

DEFINITIONS
All of the defined and capitalized terms in these User Terms will have the meaning assigned to them here below:

"Account" shall mean the account created by the Customer on the Application for availing the Services provided by Ola.
"Additional Fee" shall mean any toll duty, inter-state taxes, etc. as may not be included in the Fare but payable to any third party / government authorities for undertaking the Ride under Applicable Law
"Applicable Laws" shall mean and include all applicable statutes, enactments, acts of legislature or parliament, laws, ordinances, rules, by-laws, regulations, notifications, guidelines, policies, directions, directives and orders of any governmental authority, tribunal, or a court of India.
"Application" shall mean the mobile application "Ola Cabs" updated by Ola from time to time.
"Convenience Fee" shall mean the fee payable by the Customer to Ola for the Service i.e., for availing the technology services offered by Ola. Convenience Fee shall be chargeable on every booking made through the Site. The Convenience Fee shall be exclusive of all applicable taxes on the Convenience Fee, if any.
"Cancellation Fee" shall mean the fare and Convenience Fee payable towards cancellation of a Ride by a Customer in terms of Clause 7 of these User Terms and the Cancellation Terms and Conditions available at https://www.olacabs.com/info/faqs#Cancellations. The Cancellation Fee shall be exclusive of all applicable taxes on the Cancellation Fee, if any.
"City of Operation" shall mean a city in which the Customers and TPSPs avail and render the transportation services respectively. For clarity, the services rendered by the TPSPs and availed by the Customers shall be in the same city.
"Customer/ You" means a person who has an Account on the Application.
"Driver" shall mean and include such individuals as may be evaluated, appointed and trained by an operator associated with us or TFS to provide the transportation services on its behalf and persons who are registered with Ola and own the Vehicles and who have necessary city taxi permits and licenses to provide transportation services within the City of Operation.
"E-Wallet" shall mean a pre-paid instrument, which can be used to make payments.
"Fare" shall mean such amount in Indian Rupees, which is reflected on the Application, as the fare payable for the specific Ride performed by a Driver . The Fare shall be exclusive of all applicable taxes on the Fare, if any.
"Force Majeure Event" shall mean any event arising due to any cause beyond the reasonable control of Ola.
"Ola" or "us" or "we" or "our" shall mean ANI Technologies Private Limited, a company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 and having its corporate office at 4th Floor, Cherry Hills, Embassy Golf Links, Domlur, Bangalore-71, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include all its successors, affiliates and permitted assigns.
"Registration Data" shall mean and may include the present, valid, true and accurate name, email ID, phone number and such other information as may be required by Ola from the Customer from time to time for registration on the Application.
"Ride" shall mean the travel in the Vehicle by the Customer facilitated through the Site.
"Service(s)" means the facilitation of transportation service by Ola through the Application or via a telephone request at the call centre of Ola, or booking on the Site, within the City of Operation, as elaborated in Clause 4.
"Site" shall mean the Application and the website https://www.olacabs.com operated by Ola or any other software that enables the use of the Application or such other URL as may be specifically provided by Ola.
"Total Ride Fee" shall mean and include the Fare, the Convenience Fee, the Cancellation Fee and Additional Fee and taxes as may be applicable from time to time.
"T&Cs" and "User Terms" shall mean these Customer terms and conditions.
"TFS" shall mean Serendipity InfoLabs Private Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act 1956, and having its corporate office at 3rd Floor, Salarpuria Tower 2, No. 32, Luskur Hosur Road, Next to Forum Mall, Bangalore- 560095 which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include all our successors, affiliates and permitted assigns.
"TPSP" shall mean a Driver and/or an operator associated with us or TFS, offering the service of transporting Customers within the City of Operation as requested by the Customer on the Application.
"Vehicle" shall mean a motor cab as defined under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988.
ELIGIBILITY
You will be "Eligible" to use the Services only when You fulfil all of the following conditions:
You have attained at least 18 (eighteen) years of age.
You are competent to enter into a contract under the Applicable Laws.
If You reside in a jurisdiction that restricts the use of the Service because of age, or restricts the ability to enter into contracts such as this User Terms due to age, You must abide by such age limits.
REGISTRATION AND ACCOUNT
You understand and acknowledge that You can register on the Site only after complying with the requirements of this Clause 3 and by entering Your Registration Data.
You shall ensure that the Registration Data provided by You is accurate, complete, current, valid and true and is updated from time to time. We shall bear no liability for false, incomplete, old or incorrect Registration Data provided by You.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your Registration Data and will be liable for all activities and transactions that occur through Your Account, whether initiated by You or any third party. Your Account cannot be transferred, assigned or sold to a third party. We shall not be liable for any loss that You may incur as a result of someone else using Your password or Account, either with or without Your knowledge.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate Your Account with immediate effect and for an indefinite period, if We have a reason to believe that the Registration Data or any other data provided by You is incorrect or false, or that the security of Your Account has been compromised in any way, or for any other reason We may find just or equitable.
Except for the Registration Data or any other data submitted by You during the use of any other service offered through Site ("Permitted Information"), Ola does not want You to, and You should not, send any confidential or proprietary information to Ola on the Site or otherwise, unless otherwise is required by Applicable Laws. In accepting these User Terms You agree that any information or materials that You or individuals acting on Your behalf provide to Ola other than the Permitted Information will not be considered confidential or proprietary.
It is Your responsibility to check to ensure that You download the correct application for Your device. We are not liable if You do not have a compatible mobile device or if You download the wrong version of the Application for Your mobile device. We reserve the right to terminate the Service and the use of the Application should You be using the Service or Application with an incompatible or unauthorized device.
We allow You to open only one Account in association with the Registration Data provided by You. In case of any unauthorized use of Your Account please immediately reach Us at support@olacabs.com.
In case, You are unable to access Your Account, please inform Us atsupport@olacabs.com and make a written request for blocking Your Account. We will not be liable for any unauthorized transactions made through Your Account prior to the expiry of 72 (seventy two) hours after You have made a request in writing for blocking Your Account, and shall not have any liability in case of Force Majeure Event.
SERVICES
The Site permits you to avail the transportation services offered by TPSPs. The Service allows You to send a request through Ola to a Driver on the Ola network. The Driver has sole and complete discretion to accept or reject each request for Service. If the Driver accepts a request, Ola or TFS (where any taxi services of TFS are availed on the Site), notifies You and provides information regarding the Driver - including Driver name, Vehicle license number, telephone contact details of the Driver and such other details as Ola may determine.
Ola shall procure reasonable efforts to bring You into contact with a Driver, subject to the availability of Driver in or around Your location at the moment of Your request for such services.
By using the Application or the Service, You further agree that:
You will only use the Service or download the Application for Your sole, personal use and will not resell or assign it to a third party;
You will not use an account that is subject to any rights of a person other than You without appropriate authorization;
You will not use the Service or Site for unlawful purposes;
You will not try to harm the Service, Site or our network in any way whatsoever;
You will provide Ola with such information and documents which Ola may reasonably request;
You will only use an authorized network to avail the Service;
You are aware that when requesting Services, whether by message, via Site or calling the call center of Ola, standard messaging charges, data charges, voice charges, as applicable, of the Your and Our phone network service providers, will apply;
You will comply with all Applicable Law from Your country of domicile and residence and the country, state and/or city in which You are present while using the Site or Service; and
You are aware of and shall comply with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules, regulations and guidelines notified thereunder.
Ola reserves the right to immediately terminate the Service and the use of the Application in the event of non-compliance with any of the above requirements. Further, Ola will store the information provided by You or record your calls for contacting You for all Service related matters. You shall promptly inform Ola on any change in the information provided by You.
Ola or an authorised representative of Ola, shall provide information regarding services, discounts and promotions provided by Ola to You by way of an SMS or email to Your registered mobile number/registered email ID. You also have the option to discontinue receiving such information at any point of time. To discontinue receiving such information, You may at any point of time visit the specific link provided in the Site to discontinue the same.
OLA WILL BE ENTITLED TO PROCESS AND TRANSFER YOUR INFORMATION AS AND WHEN IT DEEMS FIT AND IT MAY STORE OR TRANSFER YOUR INFORMATION IN A SERVER OUTSIDE INDIA OR THE COUNTRY WHERE YOU ARE LOCATED IN ORDER TO PERFORM OLA’S OBLIGATIONS UNDER THESE CUSTOMER T&C.
You agree to grant Ola a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise the copyright, publicity, database rights or any other rights You have in your information, in any media now known or not currently known, with respect to Your information. YOU AGREE AND PERMIT OLA TO SHARE YOUR INFORMATION AND/OR PERMITTED INFORMATION, WITH THIRD PARTIES.
Ola will be entitled to enter into any tie-up in terms of joint-venture or otherwise with any other institution engaged in the business of providing services analogous and/or similar to those herein contained. In such case, depending upon the modality and the mechanism as may be devised, You will be provided with the services by Ola jointly and/or severally with the party/ies in joint venture. You hereby give Your irrevocable consent and permission to such a tie-up. In the event of such a tie-up, the terms and conditions herein contained will, mutatis mutandis, become applicable in respect of such tie-up arrangement also.
CONFIRMATION OF BOOKING
Ola shall, upon receiving the booking request from You in the manner set out above, proceed to confirm or decline the booking based on the availability of Vehicles at the pickup time, which shall be informed to You vide an SMS or email. In the event the booking is confirmed, You shall check the booking details including but not limited to pick up time and pick up place, and if there is incorrect detail, the same needs to be informed to us immediately by calling our call centre. In the event a TFS Vehicle has been booked on the Site, the booking shall be confirmed by TFS and any complaint regarding incorrect details shall be redirected by us to TFS.
You shall bear the consequences and damages for any delay that may be caused to You due to Your failure to check the confirmation SMS or email or failure to inform Ola of the incorrect details immediately.
PAYMENT
Ola shall charge Convenience Fee for the Service which shall be determined and amended at the sole and absolute discretion of Ola. The Convenience Fee shall be payable by you to Ola and shall be informed to you.
TPSP shall charge Fare to You for the Ride offered to You by the TPSP.
You shall be required to pay such Additional Fee, which will form part of the receipt of the Total Ride Fee.
You shall be required to pay such Cancellation Fee in terms of Clause 7, which will form part of the receipt of the Total Ride Fee.
In addition to the Total Ride Fee, You may be required to pay such other charges incurred by you during the Ride in cash, which are not included in the receipt of the Total Ride Fee.
The Total Ride Fee will be collected by the Driver or Ola from You at the end of the Ride, as set out in Clause 6.7 below.
Ola shall provide a receipt of the Total Ride Fee payable by You at the end of the Ride, however, separate invoices raised by the TPSPs for the Fare and Additional Fee, and the Convenience Fee raised by Ola shall be provided to You on request. You may raise a request for a copy of the invoices from Support page.
All applicable taxes in respect of the Fare, Convenience Fee, Additional Fee, Cancellation Fee shall be borne and payable by You to the TPSPs or Ola, as the case may be.
You shall choose to pay for the Service Fee by either of the following four methods:

Cash payment: Cash payment towards the Total Ride Fee after the completion of Ride can be made to the Driver..
E-Wallet payment: Ola offers You the facility of making an online payment through an E-Wallet powered by a third party payment processor ("Payment Processor"). E-Wallet money will not be applicable on bookings made through the phone or while the user is not logged into his/her Account on the Site. The processing of payments, in connection with Your use of the E-Wallet will be subject to the terms, conditions, and privacy policies of the Payment Processor that Ola engages for the purpose. Ola will not be responsible for any errors by the Payment Processor in any manner. Further, even in cases of E- Wallet payments, all Additional Fee (defined below) shall have to be paid by You in cash, to the authority or person concerned or if already paid by the Driver, to the Driver. When You choose to make an E-Wallet payment, Ola shall collect the Fare on behalf of the TPSP who will be responsible for providing the transportation services.
Ola Credit Payment: Payment for the Total Ride Fee can be made to Ola on credit subject to the terms provided at https://s3-ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/ola-prod- website/TERMS+AND+CONDITIONS_OLA+CREDIT.pdf. Further, even in cases of Ola Credit payments, all Additional Fee shall have to be paid by You in cash, to the authority or person concerned or if already paid by the Driver, to the Driver. When You choose to make an Ola Credit payment, Ola shall collect the Fare on behalf of the TPSP who will be responsible for providing the transportation services.
Credit Card/ Debit Card/ Net Banking Payment: Total Ride Fee shall be effected using the services of an entity providing payment gateway/processor services ("PG"), authorized by Ola. Such PG may either be Ola or any of its affiliates or partners or unrelated third parties. You agree and undertake to share relevant payment details including credit/debit card details (Card Details) with the PG for the successful completion of payment towards Total Ride Fee to Ola and authorize the PG to complete such transactions. In this respect, it is clarified that all PGs whose services are utilized for the purposes of the Site and/or Application and/or Services shall be PCI-DSS (Payment Card Industry – Data Security Standard) compliant. Your authorization permits the PG to debit or credit the bank account associated with Your payment details. Your authorization further permits the PG to use Your Card Details for the processing of transactions initiated by You at any of Ola’s affiliates. Your authorization will remain in effect as long as You maintain an Account with Us. In the event You delete Your Card Details with the PG or if You delete Your Account, the PG will not process any further transactions initiated by You at the Site or Application and at the sites of any of Ola’s affiliates. Your authorization under this clause is subject to any other terms and conditions of the PG.
Any payment related issue, except when such issue is due to an error or fault in the Site, shall be resolved between You and the Payment Processor. Ola shall not be responsible for any unauthorized use of Your E-Wallet during or after availing the Services on the Site.
CANCELLATION POLICY
You agree and acknowledge that You may cancel Your request for a Vehicle from a Driver at any point of time subject to a Cancellation Fee as explained below:

In Micro/Mini/Prime/Sedan/Suv/Luxury/Rental Cancellation fee will be charged

If you cancel after 5 minutes after the cab is allotted or
If a driver cancels after waiting at your location for more than 10 minutes
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Driver is delayed by more than five (5) minutes to pick You, You will not be charged any Cancellation Fee.
You shall be notified of the applicable Cancellation Fee in advance whenever You attempt to cancel a booking/service request. The notification shall be on the Application and/or the Site.
Ola shall provide a receipt of the Cancellation Fee, if any, payable by You for every cancellation in terms of the table above for such cancellations, however, separate invoices raised by the TPSPs for the Cancellation Fee, and Ola for the Convenience Fee on cancellations shall be provided to You on request. You may raise a request for a copy of the invoices from Support page.
The Cancellation Fee shall be payable by You at the completion of Your subsequent Ride.
The mode of payment of the Cancellation Fee shall be in terms of Clause 7 of these User Terms.
This Clause 7 shall not apply to corporate rides availed pursuant to the terms and conditions.
USER VIOLATION OF USER TERMS
You shall not smoke and drink in the Vehicles or misbehave with the Driver or act in violation of Applicable Law. In the event You are found to be involved in the activities set out above, You shall be liable to pay a fine to us and we shall also have the right to terminate the Ride. In the event You fail to pay fine after the completion of the Ride, we may at our discretion, take such steps as may be available to us under Applicable Law. You shall also be blacklisted as a result of non-payment of the fine or misbehaving as the case may be, and in such event, Your Account may be terminated by Ola.

CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT
All issues, opinions, suggestions, questions and feedback while availing our Services shall be communicated to us through email address mentioned in Clause 22.2. In case of a Ride booked on our Application, You shall be required to rate the Ride after its termination. You agree to be fair, accurate and non-disparaging while leaving comment, feedbacks, testimonials or reviews on or about the Rides or Services.
Reporting of any issue needs to be within 7 (seven) days of the happening of the issue, failing which, such issue will not be addressed.
Any issue reported on channels other than the above may be addressed by Ola only on a best-effort basis. Ola takes no liability for inability to get back on other channels.
Ola shall endeavor to respond to Your issues within 2 (two) working days of Your reporting the same and endeavor to resolve it at the earliest possible. It is hereby clarified that issues are resolved on severity basis, and certain may be resolved earlier than the other. However, Ola or TFS shall not be liable for any damages or losses in the event You are not satisfied with any such resolution.
Where You avail of any services offered by TFS on our Site, we shall re-direct all Your issues, opinions, suggestions, questions and feedback to TFS
FORCE MAJEURE
We shall not be liable for any failure to perform any obligations under this User Terms, if the performance is prevented, hindered or delayed by a Force Majeure Event and in such case our obligations under this User Terms shall be suspended for so long as the Force Majeure Event continues.

INDEMNIFICATION
By accepting these User Terms and using the Service, You agree that You shall defend, indemnify and hold Ola, TFS, their affiliates, their licensors, and each of their officers, directors, other users, employees, attorneys and agents harmless from and against any and all claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of or in connection with: (a) Your violation or breach of any term of these User Terms or any Applicable Law or regulation, whether or not referenced herein; (b) Your violation of any rights of any third party, including the TPSPs \or (c) Your use or misuse of the Application or Service.

LIABILITY
The information, recommendations and/or Services provided to You on or through the Site, the Application and Ola call center are for general information purposes only and does not constitute advice. Ola will reasonably keep the Site and its contents correct and up to date but does not guarantee that (the contents of) the Site is free of errors, defects, malware and viruses or that the Site is correct, up to date and accurate.
Ola shall not be liable for You missing trains/flights/events or delays etc as the Service is dependent on many factors not in Ola’s control. You must book Your Ride after taking into account the check-in time, traffic and weather conditions, political rallies, natural calamities, traffic barricades, car breakdowns and other un-expected delays.
In the event, there is a delay by the Vehicle in reaching the pickup location beyond 30 (thirty) minutes of the pickup time, Ola shall only endeavour to get You in touch with the Driver assigned for Your Ride.
Ola shall not be liable for any damages resulting from the use of or inability to use the Site, including damages caused by wrong usage of the Site, error in call centre number, network issues, malware, viruses or any incorrectness or incompleteness of the Information or the or Application.
You shall take full responsibility of Your items and luggage. In case of lost items inside the Vehicle during the journey, Ola will try to locate the items on a "best-effort" basis but is not responsible for the same in case of loss or damage to the same. If You leave any goods in the Vehicle or have any complaint in respect of the Services or the use of the Vehicle, You have to inform Ola of the same in writing within 24 (twenty four) hours of using the Vehicle or the Services of Ola. In the event it is found, You shall be informed about the Ola office from where You can collect it after 3 (three) working days from the date You were informed. Ola however shall not be responsible for delivering the same back to You. If requested, Ola may deliver the misplaced item/s back to You after 3 (three) working days from the date You were informed, subject to the place of delivery being twenty (20) kms from the Ola office. Ola shall charge You a flat fee of Rs 500 for such delivery.
Ola does not assure a complete sustainability of its Service and shall not be held responsible or liable for the same, in any manner.
Ola shall not be responsible for any loss of communication / information of status update and benefits under the program. All this information will be sent on mobile number and/or email ID registered with Ola. Ola will not be responsible for appropriateness of mobile or email or any other communication medium. You shall be responsible for immediately reporting the errors, if any, occurred in the information sent to You regarding booking confirmation.
IN NO EVENT SHALL OLA BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF OLA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.
IN ADDITION, AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL OLA’s AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE USER TERMS OR THE SERVICES RENDERED HEREUNDER, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR OTHER THEORY), WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF Rs. 1000/- (Rupees One Thousand only).
If Applicable Law does not permit the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability, the scope and duration of such warranty exclusions and the extent of the liability of Ola shall be the minimum permitted under Applicable Law.
APPLICATION LICENSE
Subject to Your compliance with these User Terms, Ola grants You a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable and non sub licensable license to download and install a copy of the Application on a single mobile device that You own or control and to run such copy of the Application solely for Your own personal use and to use the Site.
You shall not (i) license, sublicense, sell, resell, transfer, assign, distribute or otherwise commercially exploit or make available to any third party the Service or Site in any way; (ii) modify or make derivative works based upon the Service or Application; (iii) create Internet "links" to the Service or "frame" or "mirror" any Site on any other server or wireless or Internet-based device; (iv) reverse engineer or access the Site in order to (a) design or build a competitive product or service, (b) design or build a product using similar ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Service or Site, or (c) copy any ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Service or Site, or (v) launch an automated program or script, including, but not limited to, web spiders, web crawlers, web robots, web ants, web indexers, bots, viruses or worms, or any program which may make multiple server requests per second, or unduly burdens or hinders the operation and/or performance of the Service or Site.
You shall not: (i) send spam or otherwise duplicative or unsolicited messages in violation of applicable laws; (ii) send or store infringing, obscene, threatening, libelous, or otherwise unlawful or tortious material, including material harmful to children or violative of third party privacy rights; (iii) send or store material containing software viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents or programs; (iv) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the Site, the Application or Service or the data contained therein; or (v) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site, the Application or Service or its related systems or networks.
Ola will have the right to investigate and prosecute violations of any of the above to the fullest extent of the law. Ola may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who violate these User Terms. You acknowledge that Ola has no obligation to monitor Your access to or use of the Site, Service or Posted Content, but has the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Site and Service, to ensure Your compliance with these User Terms, or to comply with Applicable Law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other Governmental body. Ola reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to any content that Ola, at its sole discretion, considers to be in violation of these User Terms or otherwise harmful to the Site, the Service or Application.
CONTENT POSTED BY CUSTOMERS
Ola may accept posting of any notes, messages, e-mails, photos, drawings, profiles, opinions, ideas, images, videos, audio files or other materials or information given by you on the Site ("Posted Content") by You. You represent that You have obtained all permissions and consents required to post the Posted Content and such Posted Content complies with all requirements of the Posted Content. Ola shall not in any manner be responsible for or endorse the Posted Content.
You agree that when posting Posted Content, You will not:

Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, blasphemous, pornographic, libellous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy or publicity) unless You own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless the Site specifically allows such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user that You know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Deceive or mislead the addressee about the origin of a messages or communicate any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Site.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Posted Content.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.
Threaten the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting any other nation.
Violate any Applicable Laws or regulations including the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules, regulations and guidelines notified thereunder.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERSHIP
Ola alone (and its licensors, where applicable) shall own all right, title and interest, including all related intellectual property rights, in and to

the Site, Application and the Service and any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback, recommendations;
text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork and computer code; or
other information provided by You or any other party relating to the Site, Application or the Service.
Third party trademarks may appear on this Site/ Application and all rights therein are reserved to the registered owners of those trademarks. For use of any third party's intellectual property, You need to get permission directly from the owner of the intellectual property for any use.

These User Terms do not constitute a sale and do not convey to You any rights of ownership in or related to the Site, the Application or the Service, or any intellectual property rights owned by Ola. You shall be solely responsible for any violations of any laws and for any infringements of any intellectual property rights caused by use of the Services or the Site/ Application.
You may use information on the Site purposely made available by Ola for downloading from the Site, provided that You:

do not remove any proprietary notice language in all copies of such documents and make no modifications to the information;
use such information only for Your personal, non-commercial informational purpose and do not copy or post such information on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media; or
do not make any additional representations or warranties relating to such information.
LINKS
If permitted by Ola, You may establish a hypertext link to the Site, provided that the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of Your site by Us. You must not use on Your site or in any other manner any Ola trademarks or service marks or any Content belonging to Ola and appearing on the Site, including any logos or characters, without our express written consent. You must not frame or otherwise incorporate into another third party website or present in conjunction with or juxtaposed against such a website any of the content or other materials on the Site without our prior written consent.

TERM AND TERMINATION OF LICENSE AGREEMENT
Unless terminated in accordance with this Clause 17, the agreement between Ola and You is perpetual in nature upon downloading the Application and for each Ride booked through the Site.
You are entitled to terminate the agreement at all times by deletion of Your Account, thus disabling the use by You of the Site. You can close Your Account at any time by following the instructions on the Site.
Ola is entitled to terminate the agreement at all times and with immediate effect (by disabling Your use of the Site and the Service) if You: (a) violate or breach any term of these User Terms, or (b) in the opinion of Ola, misuse the Application or the Service. Ola is not obliged to give notice of the termination of the agreement in advance. After termination Ola will give notice thereof in accordance with these User Terms.
Termination of this agreement will not prejudice accrued rights of either Ola or You.
Clauses 11 (Indemnification), 12 (Liability), 13 (Application License), 14 (Contents posted on Site/ Application), 15 (Intellectual Property Ownership), 17 (Term and Termination), 22 (Notice) and 24 (Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution) and such other provisions which are intended to survive the termination, shall survive the expiry/termination of these User Terms in accordance with their terms.
INVALIDITY OF ONE OR MORE PROVISIONS
The invalidity of any term of these User Terms shall not affect the validity of the other provisions of these User Terms. If and to the extent that any provision of these User Terms is invalid, or is unacceptable in the given circumstances, a provision shall apply between the parties instead that is acceptable considering all the circumstances, taking into account the content and the purpose of these User Terms.

CONFLICT
In the event of any contradiction or inconsistency between this User Terms and any other agreement executed between You and Ola, the terms of the User Terms shall prevail unless the exception has been expressly agreed to in writing by making reference to the relevant Clause sought to be modified under this User Terms.

DISCLAIMER
You agree that Ola is merely an electronic platform to facilitate aggregation of Vehicles and does not in any manner provide transportation services. Ola does not endorse, advertise, advise or recommend You to avail the Services of any Driver. Ola also does not guarantee or provide assurance in respect of the behavior, actions or data of the users posted on the Site.
We do not authorize anyone to make a warranty on Our behalf and You shall not rely on any statement of warranty as a warranty by Us.
Ola and their representatives, officers, employees, agents and contractors shall not be liable for any loss, damage, claim, expense, cost (including legal costs) or liability arising directly or indirectly from Your use or non-use of the Service or the Site, or Your reliance upon the Service or the information contained upon the Site (whether arising from Ola or any other person's negligence or otherwise).
This Site, Application and all content on the Site and the Application are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. You acknowledge, by Your access of the Site and/or Application, that Your access of the Site and/or Application and availing of Services is at Your sole risk, that You assume full responsibility for Your access and use of the Site and/or Application, and that Ola shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to Your access and use of this Site and/or Application.
All images, audio, video and text in the Site and/or Application are only for illustrative purposes. None of the models, actors or products in the images, if any is endorsing the Services in any manner. Any resemblance of any matter to anybody or anything is purely unintentional and/or coincidental.
MODIFICATION OF THE SERVICE AND USER TERMS
Ola reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace, in part or full, any of these User Terms, or change, suspend, block, discontinue or restrict your use to all or any feature of the Service or Application at any time.
Ola shall not be required to notify You of any changes made to these User Terms. The revised User Terms shall be made available on the Site. You are requested to regularly visit the Site to view the most current User Terms. You can determine when Ola last modified the User Terms by referring to the "Last Updated" legend above. It shall be Your responsibility to check these User Terms periodically for changes. Ola may require You to provide Your consent to the updated User Terms in a specified manner prior to any further use of the Site and the Services. If no such separate consent is sought, Your continued use of the Site, following the changes to the User Terms, will constitute Your acceptance of those changes. Your use of the Site and the Services is subject to the most current version of the User Terms made available on the Site at the time of such use.
NOTICE
Ola may give notice by means of a general notice on the Service or Application, or by electronic mail to Your email address or a message on Your registered mobile number, or by written communication sent by regular mail to Your address on record in Ola’s account information.
You may contact Ola by electronic mail at Our email address legalnotice@olcabs.com or by written communication sent by regular mail to Our address at 4th Floor, Cherry Hills, Embassy Golf Links, Domlur, Bangalore-71.
ASSIGNMENT
You shall not assign Your rights under these User Terms without prior written approval of Ola. Ola can assign its rights under the User Terms to any affiliate.

APPLICABLE LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
These User Terms are subject to the laws of India. Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these User Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Site, the Service or the Application (collectively, "Disputes") the parties shall attempt to settle the same amicably, through negotiation and consultation at such offices of Ola as Ola may designate. In the event the dispute is not resolved internally between after at least 30 (thirty) days of negotiation, in good faith, the same shall be subject to binding and final arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 as amended from time to time or in case the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 is no longer in force, as per any law relating to arbitration in force at the time of such reference. The reference shall be made to a sole arbitrator mutually appointed by Ola and You. The place of the arbitration shall be Bengaluru, Karnataka, unless otherwise mutually agreed by Ola and You in writing. Subject to the above, any Dispute will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts in Bangalore, India.

Ola Share Terms & Conditions
Last updated on November 26, 2016
These customer terms and conditions ("T&Cs") apply to Your access to, and use of the Ola Application. The Application is operated by ANI Technologies Private Limited, and its subsidiaries, licensees, and affiliated companies.
This document is an electronic record in terms of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules thereunder as applicable and the provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures. By continuing usage of the Application, You are consenting to be bound by these T&Cs for use and access of the Application. PLEASE ENSURE THAT YOU READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL THESE T&Cs BEFORE YOU USE ANY OF THE SERVICES OFFERED ON THE APPLICATION, BECAUSE YOU SHALL BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED HEREIN. If You do not accept any of these T&Cs, then please don’t use the Application or avail any of the Services being provided therein. YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE T&Cs SHALL OPERATE AS A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND OLA IN RESPECT OF THE SERVICES OFFERED/AVAILED USING THE PLATFORM.

By accepting these T&Cs, You also allow Ola to send You promotional emails and SMS alerts from time to time.

Definitions
All of the defined and capitalized terms in these T&Cs will have the meaning assigned to them here below:

"Account" refers to the account created by the Customer on the Application to become the member of a Community or a Deemed Community or a Registered Community or an Open Community.

"Act" means the Motor Vehicle Act, 1988 and the rules made thereunder in the City of Operation and includes any amendment, modification or re-enactment of the same, or any other succeeding enactment for the time being in force.

"Applicable Laws" shall mean and include all applicable statutes, enactments, acts of legislature or parliament, laws, ordinances, rules, by-laws, regulations, notifications, guidelines, policies, directions, directives and orders of any governmental authority, tribunal, board, or a court of India.

"Application" shall mean the feature/category-icon "OLASHARE" and "OLA SHARE EXPRESS" within the mobile application "OLACABS" as may be updated by Ola from time to time

"Authorized Driver" shall mean and include such individuals as may be evaluated, appointed and trained by the Authorised Vehicle Operator to provide the transportation services on behalf of the Authorised Vehicle Operator in accordance with the terms & conditions applicable to Authorised Vehicle Operators and Applicable Law.

"Authorized Vehicle Operator" shall mean and include such individuals and agencies which hold valid Contract Carriage Permit(s).

"CSP" shall mean an Authorized Driver and/or an Authorized Vehicle Operator, offering the service of transporting Customers within the City of Operation from the pick-up points to the drop points as communicated by the Customer at the time of requesting the booking on the Application.

"City of Operation" shall mean a city in which the Application has been launched and the Customers and CSPs avail and render the transportation services respectively. For clarity, the services rendered by the CSPs and availed by the Customers shall be in the same city.

"Community" shall mean an association of persons having the same domain names in their email ids as created by their Recognized Entities, provided that such domain names are registered in the name of the Recognized Entities.

"Contract Carriage Permit" shall mean the valid and subsisting permit/license granted to the Authorised Vehicle Operator by the transport authority in the City of Operation for plying the Vehicle under contract carriage.

"Co–Passenger(s)" shall mean and include such Customer(s) who is/are also a part of the same Community/Registered Community/Deemed Community/Open Community as Yours with whom You will be sharing the Ride.

"Customer/ You" shall mean a person who has an Account on the Application.

"Deemed Community" shall mean an association of persons not having the same domain names in their email ids, however grouped together as a community for the purposes of these T&Cs at the sole discretion of Ola.

"Email ID" shall mean Your current, active and valid email id, the same being created by the Recognized Entity and used by You. Ola shall use this Email ID only for the purpose of Customer verification and consequent grouping of Customers in Communities or Registered Communities.

"ETA" shall mean the estimated time of arrival of the Vehicle, at the pick up point of the Customer, provided by Ola before the Ride, which shall change from time to time.

"ETT" shall mean the estimated travel time of the Ride, provided by Ola during the Ride, which shall change from time to time.

"Ola/ We/ Our/ Us" shall mean ANI Technologies Private Limited, a company registered under the Companies Act, 1956 and having its corporate office at 4th Floor, Cherry Hills Building, Embassy Golf Links Business Park, Koramangala Inner Ring Road, Domlur, Bangalore 560071.

"Ola Share" shall mean the specific feature available on the Application whereby You can avail of the shared Services, with Co-Passengers, where the pick-up and drop-off locations are specified by You at the time of booking the Ride. There may be deviations in the route based on the location of Your Co-Passengers.

"Ola Share Express" shall mean the additional feature available on the Application whereby You can avail of the shared Services, with Co-Passengers, where the routes on which the Vehicles operate are fixed and available on the Application. Your pick-up and drop-off location while availing the Ola Share Express service, shall be along the fixed route only, with no permitted deviations.

"Open Community" shall mean an association of persons who may not have Email IDs or the same domain names in their email ids or any other commonality, however grouped together as a community for the purposes of these T&Cs, at the option of the Customers.

"Original ID"shall mean Your current, active and valid email id, the same being registered with Us by You for using and accessing the Platform.

"Platform" shall mean the technology platform "Olacabs", available at www.olacabs.com, and the entire back end software designed, developed and controlled by Ola and used by You for availing the Services.

"Recognized Entity" shall mean a validly existing legal entity carrying on activity, which is permitted under Applicable Law, and has the power and authority to create and grant the Customer email-ids with such domain names as are registered in its name.

"Registered Community"shall mean an association of persons belonging to a Recognized Entity that has entered into special service level arrangements/agreements with Ola.

"Registration Data" shall mean and may include the present, valid, true and accurate name, Original ID, Email ID, age and such other information as may be required by Ola from time to time, provided by the Customer at the time of registration on the Platform/Application.

"Ride" shall mean the travel in the Vehicle by the Customer from the pick-up point to the drop point, facilitated through the Application.

"Service(s)" shall mean the facilitation of transportation service by CSPs through the Application, within the City of Operation.

"Vehicle" shall mean a Motorcab as defined under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988.

"You", "Your or "Yourself" shall mean reference to the Customer accessing the Application

Interpretation
Any reference to the singular includes a reference to the plural and vice versa, unless explicitly provided for otherwise; and any reference to the masculine includes a reference to the feminine and vice versa.
Headings and captions are used for convenience only and will not affect the interpretation of these T&Cs.
Any reference to a natural person will, unless repugnant to the context, include his legal heirs, executors and permitted assignees. Similarly, any reference to a juristic person such as Ola will, unless repugnant to the context, include its affiliates, successors and permitted assignees.
Eligibility
You will be "Eligible" to use the Services only when You fulfill the all of the following conditions:
You have attained at least 18 (eighteen) years of age.
You are competent to enter into a contract under the Applicable Laws.
You may avail the Services only if You fulfill the conditions as mentioned in Clause 3.1.1 to 3.1.2 above. If You are not Eligible, please immediately abandon any and all attempts to register with Us and/or use Our Services.
You acknowledge that We rely completely on the information provided by You and We shall not be held liable if You or anyone who uses Your Account to access the Services on the Application is not Eligible to use the same.
Registration and Account
You understand and acknowledge that You can register on the Application only after complying with the requirements of Clause 3.1 and through a valid Email ID. For clarity, the aforesaid requirement applies to members of Deemed Communities only to the extent of a valid email ID and does not apply to members of Open Communities.
You will be required to enter Your Email ID on the Application following which a verification link would be sent to Your Email ID. Upon receipt of the verification link on Your Email ID, You shall be required to click on the said link within 24 (twenty four) hours of receiving the verification link in order to complete the aforesaid verification process. In the event of Your failure to click on the verification link within the above mentioned timeline, the same would lapse and You will have to repeat the process set out in this Clause 4. For clarity, the aforesaid requirement and process applies to members of Deemed Communities only to the extent of a valid email ID and does not apply to members of Open Communities.
Upon completion of the verification process in accordance with Clause 4.1 above, You will be added to a Community or Deemed Community through which You can avail the Services offered on the Application.
In order to use the Application, You are required to provide Registration Data to Ola on the Application. You shall not impersonate someone else or provide account information, an email address or any other information that is not Your own. We shall bear no liability for false, incomplete, old or incorrect Registration Data provided by You.
In the event of any change in the said Registration Data, You agree to promptly update Your Registration Data on the Account so as to ensure that the communication We intend to send to You is promptly delivered to You and is not sent to any other entity/third party.
Ola will store the Registration Data provided by You for contacting You for all Service related matters. You may promptly inform Us on any change in the Registration Data provided.
We may send any Information to You to the mobile number or Original ID registered with Us as Registration Data.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate Your Account with immediate effect and for an indefinite period, if We have a reason to believe that the Registration Data or any other data provided by You is incorrect or false, or that the security of Your Account has been compromised in any way, or for any other reason as We deem fit. We also reserve the right to suspend or terminate Your Account with immediate effect and for an indefinite period upon receipt of any complaint from Your Co-Passenger and/or the CSP.
It is Your responsibility to check to ensure You download the correct Application for Your device. We are not liable if You do not have a compatible mobile device or if You download the wrong version of the Application for Your mobile device. We reserve the right to terminate the Service and the use of the Application should You be using the Service or Application with an incompatible or unauthorized device.
We allow You to open only one Account in respect of one Email ID.
You will not assign or otherwise transfer Your Account to any third party.
In case of any unauthorized use of Your Account, You are to bring the same to Our notice promptly. In the event of such unauthorized use, please immediately reach Us at support@olacabs.com.
In case, You are unable to access Your Account, please immediately inform Us at support@olacabs.com and make a written request for blocking Your Account. We will not be liable for any unauthorized transactions made through Your Account prior to the expiry of 72 (seventy two) hours after You have made a request in writing for blocking Your Account, except in case of Force Majeure events which are beyond Our reasonable control.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING CONTAINED ANYWHERE IN THESE T&Cs THE REGISTRATION PROCESS CONTAINED IN CLAUSE 4 OF THESE T&C’s SHALL NOT APPLY TO MEMBERS OF REGISTERED COMMUNITIES AND OPEN COMMUNITIES. THE REGISTRATION OF MEMBERS OF REGISTERED COMMUNITIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE TERMS OF THE SPECIAL SERVICE LEVEL ARRANGMENTS BETWEEN OLA AND THE RECOGNIZED ENTITIES. THE REGISTRATION OF MEMBERS OF OPEN COMMUNITIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE PLATFORM/ APPLICATION ALONE.
Rights and Obligations: Do’s & Don’ts
A booking can be made only through the Application.
You shall share Your Ride only with members in the Community or Deemed Community or Registered Community or Open Community travelling along the same route. Such sharing shall be subject to a permissible deviation and the extent of the said deviation shall be determined by Us subject to Our sole discretion.
For each city the maximum number of seats You shall be allowed to book per ride are as follows:
City	Number of seats per ride
Delhi	2 seats
Hyderabad	2 seats
Mumbai	2 seats
Bangalore	2 seats
Chennai	2 seats
Kolkata	2 seats
Pune	2 seats
With regard to Your use of the Ola Share Service, You acknowledge that there may be a delay in dropping You at Your destination, as the CSP may take a longer route to pick Your Co-Passenger or may drop him/her first if his/her drop location happens to be located before Yours, and that You shall have no claim against Ola in this regard.
With regard to Your use of the Ola Share Express Service, You acknowledge and understand that the same is provided only on a fixed route as intimated on the Application. You will not be able to request for a deviation from the said route. Due to this, You further understand that Your destination may not be at the same location as Your drop-off point. It would be Your responsibility to ensure Your availability at the pre- determined pick-up location sufficiently in advance. The cancellation policy for Ola Share Express Services has been set out in Clause 13 below.
You acknowledge that there may be a delay in dropping You at Your destination, as the CSP may take a longer route to pick Your Co-Passenger or may drop him/her first if his/her drop location happens to be located before Yours, and that You shall have no claim against Ola in this regard.
You shall not use the Service for emergency hospital visits when You are in a condition of serious ill health or in any other case of emergency or urgency or any other situation of a similar nature. In the event that You choose to do so, You do so against the provisions of these T&Cs, and acknowledge that Ola shall have no obligation in this regard.
You may use the Service for airport drops, but You are best advised not to use the Service for the same. In the event that You choose to do so, You acknowledge that Ola shall have no obligation in this regard.
You are required to ensure that the Vehicle assigned to You in the manner provided in the T&Cs bears the same registration number and the registration details specified to You through the Application and/or SMS. You shall not be allowed to exchange seats with a Customer who is assigned a seat in a different Vehicle.
Customers shall be dropped in order of their drop locations.
You represent to Ola that while using the Service and during Your journey in the Vehicle, You shall (a) behave in a disciplined and decent manner; (b) refrain from disturbing, misbehaving with, or in any other manner adversely affecting the quality of the journey of Your Co-Passengers and the CSP.
No change in drop location shall be allowed once Ola confirms the booking.
You shall ensure that:
You report promptly on time at the pick-up location;
You avoid talking loudly over the phone in the Vehicle;
You do not use foul language in the Vehicle;
You do not play music in the Vehicle and/or do any act which may cause any discomfort to Your Co Passenger(s) or the CSP;
You do not share Your personal information with Your Co-Passenger(s) or the CSP, and if You do so, the same is at Your own risk. You maintain decorum and refrain from indulging in heated discussions or debate(s) with Your Co-Passenger(s) or the CSP;
You avoid getting personal or overtly friendly with Your Co-Passenger(s) or CSP.
You do not consume eatables (including drinking beverages) in the Vehicle;
You keep Your belongings with You only. You do not utilize Your Co-Passenger’s seat for Your belongings;
You do not indulge in any inappropriate behavior, verbal or otherwise, with Your Co- Passenger(s) or the CSP.
General Customer behaviour while using transport service through CSP
You shall maintain reasonable behavior while utilizing the services offered by the CSP.
You shall take full responsibility of Your items. In case of lost items during the Ride, We will try to locate the items on a "best-effort" basis, but We shall not be responsible for the same in case of any losses or damages arising out of such lost items.
You shall not:
Ask the CSP to break any traffic/transport/city police and/or government rules and any Applicable Laws for any purpose (especially for reaching the destination earlier);
Pressurize the CSP to overload the boot space of the Vehicle with luggage. (The Customer shall not be generally allowed to use the seating area of the Vehicle for placing any kind of luggage); and
Request the CSP to halt at automated teller machines (ATM), shops, etc. or any other unauthorized locations; and
Consume alcohol and banned substances including drugs and psychotropic substances, smoke or consume any toxins while in the Vehicle.
Use of Application
You agree, undertake and confirm that Your use of the Application shall be strictly governed by the following binding principles:

You may use the Platform/ Application for lawful purposes only.
You shall not host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any information that:
belongs to another person and to which You do not have any right to; or that interferes with another user's use and enjoyment of the Platform/Application or any other individual's use and enjoyment of similar services; or
is harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatsoever, or unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing another user, the same being qualified to include behavior termed as "indecent representation of women" within the meaning of the Indecent Representation of Women (Prohibition) Act, 1986,; or
is misleading in any way; or
is patently offensive to the online community, such as sexually explicit content, or content that promotes obscenity, pedophilia, racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; or
involves the transmission of "junk mail," "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming"; or
infringes upon or violates any third party's rights, [including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, rights of privacy (including without limitation unauthorized disclosure of a person's name, email address, physical address or phone number)]; or
contains restricted or password-only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to the Application or from another accessible page); or
provides material that exploits people in a sexual, violent or otherwise inappropriate manner or solicits personal information from anyone; or
provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses; or
contains video, photographs, or images of another person without his or her express written consent and permission, or the permission or the consent of his her guardian in the case of a minor; or
tries to gain unauthorized access or exceeds the scope of authorized access (as defined herein and in other applicable codes of conduct or end user access and license agreements) to the Platform/Application or to profiles, blogs, communities, account information, bulletins, friend request, or other areas of the Platform/ Application or solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users; or
engages in commercial activities and/or sales without Our prior written consent, including activities such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising and pyramid schemes, or the buying or selling of "virtual" items. [Throughout these T&Cs, Our "prior written consent" means a communication coming from Our authorized representative, specifically in response to Your request, and specifically addressing the activity or conduct for which You seek authorization]; or
refers to any website or URL that, in Our sole opinion, contains material that is inappropriate for the Application, or contains content that would be prohibited or violates the letter or spirit of these T&Cs; or
harm minors in any way; or
is fraudulent or involve the sale of counterfeit or stolen items; or
violates any law for the time being in force; or
deceives or misleads the addressee/ users about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature; or
exhibits the tenor of impersonating another person; or
contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource; or contains any Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, easter eggs or other computer programming routines that may damage, detrimentally interfere with, diminish value of, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal identifiable information or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Application/Platform or any transaction being conducted on the Application/Platform; or
threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting to any other nation; or
is false, inaccurate or misleading; or
directly or indirectly, offer, attempt to offer, trade or attempt to trade in any item, the dealing of which is prohibited or restricted in any manner under the provisions of any Applicable Law for the time being in force; or
creates any liability for Us or cause Us to lose (in whole or in part) the services of Our ISPs or other suppliers.
You shall not use any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider" or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Application or any content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Application or any content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Application. We reserve the right to bar any such activity.
You shall not copy, distribute or disclose any part of the Platform/Application in any medium.
You shall not attempt to interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Platform/Application.
You shall not take any action that imposes, or may impose, at Our sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Our infrastructure.
You shall not collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Platform/Application.
You shall not collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Application.
You shall not use the Application for any commercial purposes without having all necessary rights and licenses to the Content available on the Platform/ Application.
You shall not impersonate another person or otherwise misrepresent Your affiliation with a person or entity, conducting fraud, hiding or attempting to hide Your identity.
You shall not interfere with the proper working of the Platform/Application.
You shall not access any content on the Platform/Application through any technology or means other than those capabilities provided by the Platform/Application.
You shall not bypass the measures We may use to prevent or restrict access to the Platform/Application, including without limitation features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Platform/Application or the content therein.
You shall not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Platform/Application or any network connected to the Application nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Application or any network connected to the Platform/Application. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Platform/Application, or any other customer of Ola, including any of Our account not owned by You, to its source, or exploit the Application or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Platform/Application, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than Your own information, as provided for by the Platform/Application.
You agree that You will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Platform, Application or Our systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Platform/Application.
You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal You send to Us on or through the Platform/Application or any service offered on or through the Application.
You shall not use the Platform/Application or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these T&Cs as well as the Applicable Law and/ or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity that infringes the rights of Ola or others.
You shall not use the Services or the Platform/Application in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, block or impair any of the servers connected to the Platform/Application. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services through hacking, password mining or any other means.
You shall not reverse engineer, decompile and disassemble any software used to provide the Services.
You shall not make any negative, denigrating or defamatory statement(s) or comment(s) about Us or the brand name or any domain name used by Us or otherwise engage in any conduct or action that might tarnish the image or reputation of Ola on Our Platform, or otherwise tarnish or dilute any of Our trade or service marks, trade name and/or goodwill associated with such trade or service marks, trade name as may be owned or used by Us.
Solely to enable Us to use the information so that We are not violating any rights You might have with respect to Your information, You agree to grant Us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise the copyright, publicity, database rights or any other rights You have in Your information, in any media now known or not currently known, with respect to Your information. We will only use Your information in accordance with these T&Cs and Our privacy policy.
You shall not engage in advertising to, or solicitation of, other users of the Application to buy or sell any products or services, including, but not limited to, services being displayed on or related to the Application. You may not transmit any chain letters or unsolicited commercial or junk email to other users via the Application. It shall be a violation of these T&Cs to use any information obtained from the Application in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise, solicit, or sell to another person outside of the Application without Our prior explicit consent. In the event of Us according consent to a person to advertise through Our Application, We may, in order to protect Our users from such advertising or solicitation, reserve the right to restrict the number of messages or emails which a user may send to other users in any 24-hour period, the same being subject to Our sole discretion.
You understand that We have the right at all times to disclose any information (including the identity of the persons providing information or materials on the Platform/Application) as necessary to satisfy the Applicable Law, or valid governmental request. This may include, without limitation, disclosure of the information in connection with investigation of alleged illegal activity or solicitation of illegal activity or in response to a lawful court order or subpoena. In addition, We can (and You hereby expressly authorize Us to disclose any information about You to law enforcement or other government officials, as We, in Our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with the investigation and/or resolution of possible crimes, especially those that may involve personal injury.
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor the materials posted on the Platform/Application. We shall have the right to remove or edit any Content that in Our sole discretion violates, or is alleged to violate, any Applicable Law or the spirit or letter of these T&Cs. Notwithstanding this right of OLA, YOU REMAIN SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OF THE MATERIALS YOU POST ON THE PLATFORM AND IN YOUR PRIVATE MESSAGES. Please be advised that such content posted does not necessarily reflect Our views. In no event shall We assume or have any responsibility or liability for any content posted or for any claims, damages or losses resulting from the use of the content and/or appearance of content on the Platform/Application. You hereby represent and warrant that You have all necessary rights in and to all content You provide and all the information it contains, and that such content shall not infringe any proprietary or other rights of third parties, and shall not contain any libelous, tortious, or otherwise unlawful information.
We shall have all the rights to take necessary action and claim damages that may occur due to Your involvement/participation in any way on Your own or through group/s of people, intentionally or unintentionally in DoS/DDoS (Distributed Denial of Services).
Content Posted on Application and Intellectual Property
All text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork and computer code (collectively, "Content"), including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, "look and feel" and arrangement of such Content, contained on the Platform and Application is owned, controlled or licensed by or to Us, and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Ola.
Except as expressly provided in these T&Cs, no part of the Platform/ Application and no Content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way (including "mirroring") to any other computer, server, website or other medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise, without Our express prior written consent.
You may use information on Our Services that has been made available by Us for downloading from the Platform/Application, provided You:
do not remove any proprietary notice language in all copies of such documents/ information; or
use such information only for Your personal, non-commercial informational purpose and do not copy or post such information on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media; or
make no modifications to any such information; or
do not make any additional representations or warranties relating to such documents/ information.
All trademarks, brands and service marks used in connection with the Platform, Application or Services offered are owned by Ola and is Ola’s property. Ola owns all copyrights and intellectual property rights and database rights in connection with the Services, Platform and the Application. For use of any third party's intellectual property, You need to get permission directly from the owner of the intellectual property for any use. Third party trademarks may appear on this Application and all rights therein are reserved to the registered owners of those trademarks.
You agree to abide by laws pertaining to copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret ownership and use of intellectual property, and You shall be solely responsible for any violations of any Applicable Laws and for any infringements of any intellectual property rights caused by use of the Platform/Application.
You shall be responsible for any notes, messages, e-mails, photos, drawings, profiles, opinions, ideas, images, videos, audio files or other materials or information posted or transmitted by You on the Platform/Application ("Posted Content"). Such Posted Content will become Our property and You grant Us the royalty-free, sub-licensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, list information regarding, edit, translate, distribute, syndicate, publicly perform, publicly display, and make derivative works of all such Posted Content, in whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, for use in connection with the Platform, Application and Ola’s (and its successors’ and affiliates’) business. We shall be entitled to use the Posted Content or any of its elements for any type of use forever, including but not limited to promotional and advertising purposes and in any media, whether now known or hereafter devised, including the creation of derivative works that may include Posted Content. You agree that any Posted Content may be used by Us in the manner that We deem fit, consistent with Applicable Laws and You are not entitled to any payment or other compensation for such use of Posted Content by Us. Ola takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for the Posted Content that You or any other user or third party creates, stores, shares, posts or sends through the Application/Platform. You shall be solely responsible for Your Posted Content and the consequences of posting, publishing it, or sharing it and You agree that We are only acting as a passive conduit for Your online distribution and publication of Your Posted Content. Notwithstanding anything contained in these T&Cs, if Your Posted Content violates these T&Cs, You shall bear all legal responsibility and obligation for that content.
Booking process
You may download the Application on Your device for availing the Service and the Service shall be available only through the Application.
For Ola Share: For making a booking, You will have to enter the destination on the booking screen of the Application. The pick-up address will be fixed to Your location at the time of making the booking and will be non-editable. Upon Your clicking the ‘Ride Now’ tab, the booking confirmation screen will pop up which will display the ETT and the ride fare. If You agree to the travel time and the fare You will be required to hit the ‘Confirm’ icon.
For Ola Share Express: For making a booking, You will have to enter Your destination on the booking screen of the Application. Based on the destination specified by You, a pick-up address will be displayed as a fixed pick-up location closest to Your location at the time of making the booking, and will be non-editable. Such pick-up location shall be on the fixed routes on which the Ola Share Express Services are being offered. Upon Your clicking the ‘Ride Now’ tab, the booking confirmation screen will pop up which will display the ETT and the ride fare. If You agree to the travel time and the fare, You will be required to hit the ‘Confirm’ icon.
Confirmation of booking
We shall upon You clicking the "I Confirm" icon appearing at the bottom of Your screen, proceed to confirm or decline the booking based on the availability of Vehicles at the pickup time, which shall be informed to You through the Application and/or vide an SMS and email to your Original ID. Please note that You are required to check the drop point before You click the ‘I Confirm’ icon and make all alterations or changes to the desired drop location before clicking the ‘I Confirm’ icon. In the event the booking is confirmed from Our end, You shall check the booking details like ETA, pick up place and such other details as Ola may deem fit and if there are incorrect details, the same needs to be informed to Us immediately. You shall be responsible for immediately reporting the errors, if any, that may have occurred in the information sent to You regarding booking confirmation. You shall bear the consequences and damages for any delay that may be caused to You due to Your failure to check the confirmation SMS/email or failure to inform Us of the incorrect details immediately.
You may, upon availing or attempting to avail the Services, receive SMS messages on Your mobile phone or email notification from Us regarding the following: (i) confirmation of booking - including driver name, vehicle license number and the ability to contact the CSP by telephone; (ii) CSP declining Your booking; (iii) total charges to be paid. However, the above list is not exhaustive in nature and You may receive additional and different messages from Us. You hereby understand, agree and consent to the receipt of such messages/ communications from Us.
Upon Your booking being processed and confirmed via the Application, e-mail and/or SMS, You will receive a timer notification on Your mobile phone after which You shall be required to board the booked cab not later than 2 (two) minutes of the notified pick up time. The CSP shall be under no obligation whatsoever to wait for You at Your boarding point beyond the lapse of 2 (two) minutes of the pick-up time notified to You. In case of any delay caused by You in arriving at the pick-up point and the Vehicle having proceeded without You, You shall have no claim against Ola or the CSP and Ola shall not be held liable in anyway whatsoever.

For clarity, in the event, the Vehicle arrives later than the notified pick up time, the CSP shall wait no longer than 2 minutes from his time of arrival at the notified pick up point. (Illustration: When the notified pick up time is 10:00 AM, the CSP shall wait no longer than 10:02 AM. In the event, the CSP arrives at the notified pick up point at 10:10 AM, the CSP shall wait no longer than 10:12 AM)

Payment
Details of the charges payable by You is available on the Platform. You may choose to pay for the Services by either of the following two methods:

Cash payment: Cash payment shall be made at the time of boarding the cab. Where You opt to pay by cash, You shall make the cash payment at the time of boarding, such amount shall be the amount specified to You at the time of booking confirmation. You will be required to pay the amount shared with You at the time of booking confirmation even if You opt to take a drop in between Your ride. The Customer shall make best efforts to tender exact change to the CSP.
Online payment: Online payment for trips shall be made to Us at the time You board the Vehicle through an e-wallet i.e. OLAMONEY powered by one or more third party payment processors ("Payment Processors"). When You choose to make an online payment, We shall collect the fare on behalf of the CSP who will be responsible for providing the transportation services. You acknowledge that collection of the fare on behalf of the CSP in no way implies that the transportation services are being provided to You by Us. The processing of payments or credits, as applicable, in connection with Your use of the OLAMONEY will be subject to the terms, conditions, and privacy policies of the Payment Processor that We engage for the purpose. We will not be responsible for any errors by the Payment Processor. In connection with Your use of the Services, We will obtain certain transaction details, which We will use solely in accordance with Our privacy policy. In the event the payment cannot be accepted through the method offered on the Application, You shall be required to pay the fare of the transportation services in cash in terms of paragraph 11.1 (Cash payment) above.
We will generate an invoice on behalf of the driver servicing Your offer request, which will be sent across to Your Original ID after the completion of the Ride. The invoice shall be indicative of all applicable charges including but not limited to the surcharge, toll charges, right time charge, wait time charge, service tax. Any payment made is non- refundable
We may offer discounts and consequent deductions in the fare charged to the Customers at Our sole discretion. The invoice sent to the Customers shall be indicative of such discounts. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, these discounts may be varied from time to time at the sole discretion of Ola.
Waiting policy
The CSP shall wait only for 2 (Two) minutes for the Customer at the pick-up location. If the Customer does not board the Vehicle within 2 (Two) minutes, then the CSP/Ola may cancel the trip and leave the pick-up location.

Cancellation policy
Cancellation fee will be charged, details of which can be found on the Platform.
if you cancel after 2 minutes of making a booking
or if a driver cancels after waiting at your location for more than 3 minutes
You will not be charged a cancellation fee if the driver is delayed by more than 5 minutes
Cancellation fee will be added to the bill amount of Your next Ride.
Luggage policy
While using the Service, You may not carry heavy luggage like suitcase, big bags etc. with You. However, You can carry handbags, backpacks etc. which You can easily carry along with You, without taking much space or without using Your Co-Passenger’s seat space.

Charges
At present, We don’t charge You any fees for the use of Our Services. However, in the future, We reserve the right to charge fee and change Our policies, including these T&Cs, from time to time. In particular, We may at Our sole discretion introduce new services and modify some or all of the existing Services offered on the Application. In such an event We reserve the right, without notice to You, to introduce fees for the new services offered or amend/introduce fees for existing Services, as the case may be. Changes to the Fee and related policies shall automatically become effective immediately once implemented on the Application. It shall be Your responsibility to check the Platform/ Application for any such changes/ updates.

Other businesses
We do not take responsibility or liability for the actions, products, content and services on the Application, which are linked to affiliates and/or third party websites using Our APIs or otherwise. In addition, We may provide links to third party websites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses for which, We assume no responsibility for examining or evaluating the products and services offered by them, and We do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of such third party website(s). We do not in any way endorse any third party website(s) or content thereof. Your reference to and use of the same, shall be solely at Your own risk.

Links
You must not use, on Your site or in any other manner, any trademarks, service marks or any other materials appearing on the Platform/Application, including any logos or characters, without Our express written consent and the consent of the owner of the mark or materials. You must not frame or otherwise incorporate into another third party website or present in conjunction with or juxtaposed against such a website any of the content or other materials on the Platform/Application, without Our prior written consent.

Termination and expiry of the account
We reserve the right to modify, terminate or suspend the Services to You at any time, without prior notice, due to any changes in Our internal policy or the Applicable Laws or any breach of these T&Cs by You, or for any reason whatsoever. You can exit Your Community/Registered Community/Deemed Community/Open Community using the Application and/or terminate Your Account by submitting a request to Us at support@olacabs.com. We will make every effort to respond to Your request for termination at the earliest. Subject to Clause 4.13 above, You will remain responsible for all transactions that occurred prior to termination of Your Account.

Disclaimers
Except for Our limited role in providing You cab booking facility that You authorize or initiate, We are not involved in any underlying transaction between You, any other Customer, CSPs and/or other third party. We are not a selling agent in relation to any sale of goods or services to You by any CSP or any other third party. We shall not be liable for the quality, safety, reliability, legality, delivery or any other aspect of any service that You may avail using the Platform/Application. Your use of the Service is at Your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. We do not guarantee and do not promise any specific results from use of the Application and/or the Services, including the ability to avail the Services at any particular location or time. We disclaim all warranties of any kind whether express or implied including without limitation, any representation or warranty for accuracy, availability, continuity, uninterrupted access, timeliness, sequence, quality, performance, security, merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, non-infringement or completeness. Without prejudice to the forgoing paragraph, We do not warrant that:
The Platform/Application will be constantly available, or available at all; or
The information on the Platform/Application is complete, true, accurate or non- misleading; or
The Platform, Application; information, Content, materials, product (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to You through the Application; their servers; or electronic communication sent from Us are free of viruses or other harmful components; or
Content on the Platform/Application constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind;
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, third party advertisers found on or through the Platform/Application, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between You and such third party advertiser. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such third party advertisers on the Platform/Application.
Ola shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage, howsoever caused or suffered by the Customer arising out of the use of cab service offered by CSP or due to the failure of CSP to provide services to the Customer for any reason whatsoever including but not limited to the Customer's non-compliance with the services' recorded voice instructions, malfunction, partial or total failure of any network terminal, data processing system, computer tele-transmission or telecommunications system or other circumstances whether or not beyond the control of Ola or any person or any organization involved in the above mentioned systems, including any delay in providing the transportation services.
You acknowledge that while Ola employs certain quality control measures, Ola does not, and cannot exercise control over the quality or safety of the transportation that is made use of by You through the Services.
Ola will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of the service offered by the CSP including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages.
Ola will take all reasonable measures to ensure that CSP should fulfill his duty properly, but there may be exceptions and if any Customer misses the train or flight or bus, Ola will not be held liable for any such compensation. The Customer is advised to make alternate arrangement in case the Vehicle has not reached due to any reason.
The ride services, and any claim resulting from the same, while requested through the Application, remains the responsibility of the CSPs and Ola shall not be liable for any conduct of the CSPs. Ola encourages You to notify any complaints that You may have against any CSP that You may have hired using the Platform/ Application.
Ola is not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any other user of the Application or Services. You are solely responsible for Your interactions with other users, whether CSPs or Co-Passengers. By using the Application and the Services, You agree to accept such risks and acknowledge that Ola is not responsible for the acts or omissions of other users.
The Customer acknowledges that in the event the Customer does not avail the service(s) in the Vehicle allocated to him/her by Ola, and/or the Customer exchanges the seat allocated to him/her with a seat allocated to another Customer in another Vehicle, the Customer shall do so at his/her own and sole risk. Ola shall not bear any liability arising out of or in connection with such acts on the part of the Customers.
All the Vehicles registered with Ola Platform are continuously tracked using GPS for security reasons only. It is expressly made clear to You hereby that Ola does not own any cabs nor does it directly or indirectly employ any of the CSPs for the cabs. Ola disclaims any and all liability in respect of the CSPs and the Vehicles/ cabs alike.
The location data made available on the Application is basic is nature, and meant to provide guidance to CSPs only. You acknowledge that it is not intended to be relied upon in situations where precise location information is required, or where erroneous, inaccurate or incomplete data may lead to death, personal injury, property or environmental damage. Ola does not guarantee the availability, accuracy, completeness, reliability, or timeliness of location data displayed.
We do not authorize anyone to make a warranty on Our behalf and You may not rely on any statement of warranty as a warranty by Us.
Ola and its representatives, officers, employees, agents and contractors shall not be liable for any loss, damage, claim, expense, cost (including legal costs) or liability arising directly or indirectly from Your use or non-use of the Service or the Platform/Application, or Your reliance upon the Service or the information contained in the Application (whether arising from Ola or any other person's negligence or otherwise).
We do not warrant that Your use of the Platform, Application or Services will be accurate, complete, reliable, current, secure, uninterrupted, always available, or error- free, or will meet Your requirements, that any defects in the Platform/Application will be corrected, or that the Platform/Application is free of viruses or other harmful components. We disclaim liability for, and no warranty is made with respect to, connectivity and availability of the Platform, Application or Services.
Privacy and Security
We will take every reasonable effort not to share any of trip details, Registration Data or other personal information (collectively, "Personal Information") You provide Us, except as required under any Applicable Law, or to the limited extent necessary for Us to implement any booking instructions We receive from You, or as per Our privacy policy. Please read Our privacy policy for further details regarding the use of Your Personal Information. We will bear no liability for the consequences in any event where Your Personal Information has been willingly or inadvertently shared by You with any third party.
You acknowledge that the information made available by You on the Platform/Application, including location data, may be accessible to certain other users of the Platform/Application.
You hereby expressly consent to receive communications from Us through Your registered phone number and/or Original ID. You consent to be contacted by Us via phone calls and/or SMS notifications. You agree that any communication so received byYou from Us will not amount to spam, unsolicited communication or a violation of Your registration on the national do not call registry.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your Registration Data and will be liable for all activities and transactions that occur through Your Account and the Platform/Application, whether initiated by You or any third party. The password and other details of the Account should not be shared with any third party. Your Account is non-transferable and is not capable of being transferred/ sold to a third party. We shall not be liable for any loss that You may incur as a result of someone else using Your password or Account, either with or without Your knowledge.
It is possible that other users (including unauthorized users or "hackers") may post or transmit offensive or obscene materials on the Platform/Application and that You may be involuntarily exposed to such offensive and obscene materials. It is also possible for others to obtain Personal Information about You on the public forum due to Your use of the Platform/Application, and that the recipient may use such information to harass or injure You. We do not approve of such unauthorized uses, but by using the Platform/Application You acknowledge and agree that We shall not be responsible for the use of any Personal Information that You publicly disclose or share with others on the Platform/Application. Please carefully select the type of information that You publicly disclose or share with others on the Platform/Application, or from the Platform/Application on other social platforms (including Facebook etc).
Notices and Communication
Any notice or notification in relation to these T&Cs which You wish to make to Us must be made in writing to:

Attn: Team Ola Share
Address: 4th Floor, Cherry Hills Building, Embassy Golf Links Business Park, Koramangala Inner Ring Road, Domlur, Bangalore 560071
E-mail: olashare@olacabs.com

All Your communication with Us will be of a professional nature only. You will not contact Us to harass, intimidate or threaten any person, or to promote any cause, which You may support.
You will be subject to Our T&Cs and privacy policy
Indemnity and Limitation of Liability
You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Ola, and each of its affiliates (and its respective employees, directors, agents and representatives) from and against any and all claims, costs, losses, damages, judgments, penalties, interest and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of any Claim that arises out of or relates to: the use or misuse of Services, Platform, Application or any violation of these T&Cs.
For purposes hereof: "Claim" means any claim, action, audit, investigation, inquiry or other proceeding instituted by a person or entity.
YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY DISPUTES WITH US IS THE CANCELLATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT. IN NO EVENT SHALL OLA BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN CONNECTION WITH THESE T&Cs, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, ONWARD JOURNEY, PERSONAL INJURY, OR PROPERTY DAMAGE RELATED, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN INFORMED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO OUR ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM, APPLICATION AND SERVICES, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, EXCEED INR 1000/- (RUPESS ONE THOUSAND ONLY).
Force Majeure
We shall not be liable for any failure to perform any obligations under this T&Cs, if the performance is prevented, hindered or delayed by a Force Majeure event and in such case its obligations shall be suspended for so long as the Force Majeure Event continues.
For the Purpose of this clause "Force Majeure Event" shall mean any event arising due to any cause beyond the reasonable control of Ola.
Copyright complaint
We respect the intellectual property of others. In case You feel that Your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, You can write to Us at support@olacabs.com.

Waiver
Our failure, delay or omission to exercise or enforce any rights or provisions of these T&Cs will not constitute a waiver of such rights or provisions. A waiver on any one occasion will not be construed as a bar or waiver of any rights or remedies on future occasions. Any claim in relation to Services or T&Cs should be filed within 3 (Three) months from when the cause of action arose. Any claims filed beyond this time period shall be barred.

Revision of T&Cs
We reserve the right to change any of the T&Cs or any policies or guidelines governing the Platform, Application or Services, at any time and at Our sole discretion. Any changes will be effective upon posting of the revisions on the Platform/Application and We may send You an automated e-mail to Your Original ID informing about the changes made. You can see the date on which these T&Cs were last updated by referring to the legend ‘Last Updated on’ at the beginning of these T&Cs.
Unless otherwise specified by Us, revised T&Cs will take effect automatically and be binding from the day they are posted on the Platform/Application. By continuing to access or use Services, You will be deemed to have agreed to accept and be bound by such revised T&Cs. If You do not agree to the revised T&Cs, You should discontinue accessing Our Platform/Application or using Our Services immediately.
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these T&Cs, at any time without any prior written notice to You. It is Your responsibility to review these T&Cs periodically for updates/ changes. Your continued use of the Application following the posting of changes will mean that You accept and agree to the revisions. As long as You comply with these T&Cs, We grant You a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Application.
Customer Grievance Redressal Policy
If You are not satisfied with the quality of Service(s) offered or have any other complaints or grievance, please contact Our customer care at support@olacabs.com
The procedure of escalation of complaints shall be as follows:

Escalation Level – 1: Write to Team Ola Share
Address: 4th Floor, Cherry Hills Building, Embassy Golf Links Business Park, Koramangala Inner Ring Road, Domlur, Bangalore 560071
E-mail: olashare@olacabs.com
Response Time: 72 hours

Severability
If any part of these T&Cs is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to the Applicable Laws then the invalid or unenforceable provisions will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these T&Cs will continue in effect.

Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this T&Cs or the validity, interpretation, breach or termination thereof ("Dispute"), including claims seeking redress or asserting rights under the Applicable Law shall be amicably settled through mutual consultation and escalation at such offices of Ola as Ola may designate. If the Dispute is not settled amicably as aforesaid within a period of 14 (Fourteen) calendar days, the matter would be referred to arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. Arbitration shall be presided over by a sole arbitrator mutually appointed by Us and the Customer.
The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in the English language. The venue for the arbitration proceedings shall be Bengaluru.
This T&Cs shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India and, subject to this Clause 29, We and You agree and undertake that any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these T&Cs will be adjudicated exclusively before a competent court in Bengaluru, India only.
Share Pass Terms & Conditions
Updated effective from December 23, 2016
This document is an electronic record in terms of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules made thereunder as applicable and the provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures. PLEASE ENSURE THAT YOU READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BEFORE YOU USE THE OLA SHARE PASS FACILITY OFFERED ON THE SITE, BECAUSE YOU SHALL BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED HEREIN. If You do not accept to this terms and conditions, then please don’t use the Ola Share Pass facility being provided therein. YOU AGREEING TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SHALL OPERATE AS A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND ANI TECHNOLOGIES IN RESPECT OF THE OLA SHARE PASS FACILITY OFFERED/AVAILED USING THE SITE.

DEFINITIONS
"App" shall mean the 'Ola Cabs' mobile application developed and operated by Ola.

"Daily Ride Limit" shall mean the maximum number of rides on Ola Share that a User may avail on Share Pass Pricing in a period of 24 (twenty-four) hours. The Daily Ride Limit shall differ based on the City of Operation and the Applicable Laws therein. Daily Ride Limit for the concerned City of Operation shall be as listed below or as reflected on the App.

City	Daily Ride Limit
All Cities	10 Rides
"Maximum Permissible Distance" shall mean the maximum distance covered in one Ride up to which the Share Pass Pricing shall be applicable. The Maximum Permissible Distance shall differ based on the type of Share Pass and the City of Operation and the Applicable Laws therein. Maximum Permissible Distance for the concerned City of Operation shall be reflected on the App.

"Monthly Ride Limit" shall mean the maximum number of Rides on Ola Share that a User may avail on Share Pass Pricing in a month (30 days). The Monthly Ride Limit shall differ based on the type of Share Pass and the City of Operation and the Applicable Laws therein. Monthly Ride Limit for the concerned City of Operation shall be as listed below or as reflected on the App.

City	Monthly Ride Limit
All Cities	150 Rides
"Ola" shall mean ANI Technologies Private Limited, a company registered under the Companies Act, 1956, with CIN U72900KA2010PTC086596 and having its registered office at Regent Insignia, #414, 3rd Floor, 4th Block, 17th Main, 100 Feet Road, Koramangala, Bangalore – 560034., and shall include its successors, representatives, affiliates and permitted assigns.

"Ola Share" shall mean ‘Ola Share’ functionality available on the Ola Site and/or Ola App, enabling Users to share and complete Rides with other Users traveling on the same route.

"Ola Share Pass" and "Share Pass" shall mean the facility offered by Ola whereby the Users may avail special pricing (as is more particularly described in Clause 4 of these terms and conditions and at https://help.olacabs.com/support/mainarticle) for the Rides completed using the services of the Ola Share feature/services on the Ola Site.

"Ride/(s)" shall mean the travel in the vehicle by the User from the pick up point to the drop point facilitated through the Ola Share feature of the Site/App.

"Share Pass Pricing" shall mean the fare payable on a flat rate basis for the Rides completed using an active and subsisting Share Pass on Ola Share. The Share Pass Pricing shall differ based on the type of Share Pass and the City of Operation and the Applicable Laws therein. Share Pass Pricing for the concerned City of Operation shall be reflected on the App.

"Site" shall mean the website www.olacabs.com, the App and such other websites and mobile applications as may be developed and /or operated by Ola.

"Wallet Account" shall mean and refer to a prepaid payment instrument in the nature of an electronic vault account created by the User through the use of the services of Zipcash Card Services Private Limited.

"Weekly Ride Limit" shall mean the maximum number of Rides on Ola Share that a User may avail on Share Pass Pricing in a period of 7 (seven) days. The Weekly Ride Limit shall differ based on the type of Share Pass and the City of Operation and the Applicable Laws therein. Weekly Ride Limit for the concerned City of Operation shall be as listed below or as reflected on the App.

City	Weekly Ride Limit
All Cities	120 Rides
TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
Ola Share Pass is available for an upfront 30 day fee as may be specified by Ola from time to time on the Site ("Fee"). The Fee shall differ based on the type of Share Pass and the City of Operation and the Applicable Laws in the City of Operation. The available modes of payment of the Fee shall be as available and reflected on the App.
Subject to clause 16, a User shall be eligible to purchase only 1 (one) Share Pass at a time in a given City of Operation. For clarity, a User may have multiple Share Passes in multiple cities.
The Ola Share Pass is non-transferable.
The Ola Share Pass entitles the User to avail Share Pass Pricing for the Rides completed using Ola Share, subject to the Maximum Permissible Distance, Monthly Ride Limit, Weekly Ride Limit and Daily Ride Limit. The Share Pass Pricing, Maximum Permissible Distance, Monthly Ride Limit, Weekly Ride Limit and Daily Ride Limit shall differ based on the City of Operation and the Applicable Laws therein, and shall be reflected accordingly on the App, with further details available at https://help.olacabs.com/support/mainarticle.
Standard rates of the ‘Ola Mini category’ or the ‘Ola Micro category’ or the ‘Ola Share category’ as available on the Site and as applicable in the City of Operation shall become applicable once the User covers a distance greater than the Maximum Permissible Distance. The applicability of the standard rates of the Micro category or the Mini category or the Share category shall be subject to the type of Share Pass. The said standard rates shall be payable on the basis of the additional distance covered and time consumed and shall be payable over and above the Share Pass Pricing applicable up to the Maximum Permissible ("Add Fare").
Peak pricing/surge pricing/demand based pricing shall not be applicable on the Add Fare.
Standard rates of the Ola Share category on the Site and as applicable in the City of Operation shall become applicable once the User completes Monthly Ride Limit.
Standard rates of the Ola Share category on the Site and as applicable in the City of Opera tion shall become applicable once the User exceeds the Daily Ride Limit.
Standard rates of the Ola Share category on the Site and as applicable in the City of Operation shall become applicable once the User exceeds the Weekly Ride Limit.
In the event and subject to the availability of such option in the City of Operation, a User who is availing the Ola Share Pass facility, selects 2 (two) seats for an Ola Share Ride, an additional fee shall be payable by such User. The additional fee shall be intimated to the User from time to time on the App.
The Ola Share Pass facility/Share Pass Pricing may not be available for airport Rides. The availability of Share Pass Pricing for airport rides may differ based on the City of Operation and shall be reflected accordingly on the App.
The Ola Share Pass facility/Share Pass Pricing shall be available only to Insta Account holders of the 'Ola Corporate' functionality on the Site/App. For clarity, Ola Share Pass facility shall not be available to the Prepaid and/or Postpaid account holders of Ola Corporate.
The Ola Share Pass does not in any way guarantee the availability of any trips.
The Ola Share Pass shall become active on purchase and the User shall not have the option to deactivate the Share Pass for any Ola Share Ride during the validity of the Share Pass. However, in case the fare for a particular Ride is lower than the Share Pass Pricing (i.e. the fixed fare applicable to you as a Share Pass user), then the Ride shall automatically apply the lower fare.
The Ola Share Pass shall be valid for a period of 30 (thirty) days and shall become inactive at midnight (2400 hours) on the 30thday from the date of purchase of the Share Pass.
The User shall be eligible to purchase a new Share Pass upon nearing the completion of the term of validity of his existing Share Pass. For clarity, the eligibility to purchase a new Ola Share Pass would be triggered once (a) the User has only 5 (five) days of validity left in his current Ola Share Pass, and/or (b) has only 5 (five) rides left in his current Ola Share Pass. For clarity, the new Share Pass would become active and operative only upon the deactivation and exhaustion of the existing Share Pass. Further, the term of validity for the new Share Pass shall commence from the date of activation of the new Share Pass and not from the date of purchase of the new Share Pass.
The User shall execute such other documents/provide permissions, in addition to these terms and conditions as may be required by Ola and, or under applicable law from time to time, to avail the Ola Share Pass facility. These Share Pass terms and conditions shall be applicable to the Users in addition to the general terms and conditions applicable to Ola Share, and in case of any conflict between the Share Pass terms and conditions and the Ola Share terms and conditions, these Share Pass terms and conditions shall supersede.
Ola reserves the right to immediately suspend or terminate the use of any Ola Share Pass that is used fraudulently or in contravention of the terms and conditions of the Site or in contravention of these terms and conditions.
The User may cancel the purchase of a Share Pass within 7 (Seven) days from the date of purchase of the Share Pass subject to the condition that no Ola Share Rides have been completed on Share Pass Pricing during such period.
A User may not cancel more than 5 (five) Share Passes across different cities in a given month (30 days). For clarity, the calculation of the 30 (thirty) day tenure shall commence from the date of cancellation of the first such Share Pass.
In the event of a successful cancellation of Share Pass by a User, the Fee for the Share Pass shall be refunded in the Wallet Account of the User.
In the event, a User has availed the Ola Share Pass facility and is also a member of the ‘Ola Select’ feature on the App/Site, the benefits in terms of the fares/rates of the Rides completed using Ola Share as available under the Ola Share Pass feature shall override the benefits under the Ola Select feature. The benefits of Ola Select shall become applicable only in the event the Share Pass Pricing under Ola Share Pass feature is inapplicable.
In addition to any other terms provided under these Terms and Conditions, Ola may, at any time, deactivate the Share Pass, including for the purpose of ensuring compliance with applicable laws or any order of any regulatory, statutory or other authority. Where the Share Pass is required to be deactivated by Ola due to any non-compliance with applicable laws, Ola shall refund to the User: (i) the total Fee paid by the User, where the User has not yet used the Ola Share Pass; or (ii) a portion of the Fee paid by the User, on a pro rata basis, as determined by Ola, and calculated based on the extent to which the Ola Share Pass has been utilized by the User.
Ola may amend these terms and conditions, at any time without prior notice to the User. Any changes will be effective upon posting of the amendments/modifications on the Site, and such amended terms and conditions will thereupon apply to and be binding on the User. By continuing to access or use the Site or any features attached to it, the User will be deemed to have agreed to accept and be bound by such amended terms and conditions. If the User does not agree to the amended terms and conditions, he/she must discontinue accessing the Site, Ola Share and/or its features immediately. The date on which the last update took place, is reflected in the legend ‘Last updated on’ at the beginning of this document.

Words capitalized and not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the terms and conditions of Ola Share available on the Site.
Ola Shuttle Terms & Conditions
Last updated on February 7th, 2017
The terms and conditions contained in this document ("T&Cs") is an electronic record in terms of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules made thereunder as applicable and the provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures. BY CLICKING ON THE "I ACCEPT" BUTTON, (I) YOU ARE CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY THESE T&C’s FOR USE OF THE SITE AND (II) YOU ARE APPOINTING OLA AS YOUR REPRESENTATIVE FOR THE PURPOSE OF BOOKING THE SAME VEHICLE FOR THE SAME ROUTE ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND OTHER CO-PASSENGERS, FOR ACCESS OF THE SITE BY ACCEPTING THE PERMIT HOLDER SERVICE AGREEMENT. PLEASE ENSURE THAT YOU READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BEFORE YOU USE ANY OF THE SERVICES OFFERED ON THE SITE, BECAUSE YOU SHALL BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED HEREIN. If You do not accept any of the Terms and Conditions or the Permit Holder Service Agreement, then please don’t use the Site or avail any of the Services being provided therein. YOU AGREEING TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS and the PERMIT HOLDER SERVICE AGREEMENT SHALL OPERATE AS A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND OLA IN RESPECT OF THE USE OF THE SITE.

Definitions
All of the defined and capitalized terms in these T&Cs will have the meaning assigned to them here below:

"Account" refers to the account created by Customer on the Site.

"Act" means the Motor Vehicle Act, 1988 and the rules made thereunder and includes any amendment, modification or re-enactment of the same, or any other succeeding enactment for the time being in force.

"Applicable Laws" shall mean and include all applicable statutes, enactments, acts of legislature or the Parliament, laws, ordinances, rules, by-laws, regulations, notifications, guidelines, policies, directions, directives and orders of any governmental authority, tribunal, board, or a court, in India.

"Authorised Driver" shall mean and include such individuals, who hold a valid Contract Carriage Permit; and as may be evaluated, appointed and trained by the Permit Holder to provide the transportation services on behalf of the Permit Holder in accordance with the Permit Holder Terms & Conditions and the Applicable Law.

"City of Operation" shall mean the State in which OLASHUTTLE is launched and the Customers and Permit Holders avail and render the Services respectively. For clarity, the Service rendered by the Permit Holders and availed by the Customers shall always be in the same city.

"Co –Passenger" shall mean the other Customers who have collectively booked the ride through a common representative on the same Vehicle using the Site.

"Customer" or "You", "Your or "Yourself" means any person who accesses the Site and/or uses the Services on the Site through an Account.

"OLA" or "Us" means ANI Technologies Private Limited, a Company registered under the Companies Act, 1956 and having its registered office at Regent Insignia, #414, 3rd, 4th Block, 17th Main, 100 Feet Road, Koramangala, Bangalore - 560034, India.

"Permit Holder" means such persons who have been granted valid and subsisting Contract Carriage Permits by the transport authorities in the City of Operation under the Act and the rules made thereunder and have entered into an agreement for subscription with Ola to list their Vehicles on the Site in the City of Operation, and operate according to the terms and conditions applicable to such subscription.

"Permit Holder Service Agreement" refers to the agreement between the Permit Holder and the Customers through their representative for provision of Services, in accordance with the Permit Holder T&Cs and these T&Cs.

"Permit Holder T&Cs" refers to the Permit Holder terms and conditions which are available at the Site and have been accepted by the Permit Holder upon subscription to the Site.

"Service(s)" includes (a) facilitating the provision of services from the Permit Holder of transporting Customers within the City of Operation, who have collectively booked their ride through a common representative, on the same Vehicle of the Permit Holder, from the pick-up point(s) to the drop-off point(s) as communicated by the Customers at the time of making the booking on the Site; and (b) payment collection from Customers through Ola Money and its settlement with the Permit Holder, to facilitate the transactions between the Customers and the Permit Holder; and (c) such other services as may be determined by Ola from time to time.

"Site" shall mean the mobile application ("OLASHUTTLE") an online booking platform, which is owned and operated by Ola and includes any upgrades from time to time and any other software that enables the use of the application or such other URL as may be specifically provided by Ola.

"Substitute Vehicle" shall mean another Vehicle whether or not arranged by the same Permit Holder, offering the service of transporting Customers to its destination, in the event of a Vehicle breakdown. For clarity, such Substitute Vehicle may not necessarily be availed or booked using the Site.

"Vehicle" means the maxicab(s)/omnicab(s) listed by the Permit Holders on the Site to be used, to transport Customers in the City of Operation where it is registered, where such Customers have collectively booked their ride through a common representative on such Vehicle using the Site.

Interpretation
Any reference to the singular includes a reference to the plural and vice versa, unless explicitly provided for otherwise; and any reference to the masculine includes a reference to the feminine and vice versa.
Headings and captions are used for convenience only and will not affect the interpretation of these T&Cs.
Any reference to a natural person will, unless repugnant to the context, include his heirs, executors and permitted assignees. Similarly, any reference to a juristic person such as OLA will, unless repugnant to the context, include its affiliates, successors and permitted assignees.
Eligibility
You will be "Eligible" to use Our Services only when You fulfill the following conditions:
You have attained at least 18 (eighteen) years of age;
You are competent to enter into a contract under the Applicable Laws.
You can avail the Services only if You fulfill the conditions as mentioned in 3.1.1 to 3.1.2 above. If You are not Eligible, please immediately abandon any and all attempts to register with Us or use Our Services.
We rely completely on the information provided by You and We shall not be held liable if You or anyone who uses Your Account to access the Services on the Site is not Eligible.
Registration
You can register as a Customer, by providing a current, accurate, valid and active phone number, Your name, current, accurate, valid and functional e-mail address and any other additional information as may be required by Ola ("Registration Data") at the time of creating the Account.
You shall ensure that the Registration Data provided by You is accurate, complete, current, valid and true. We shall bear no liability for false, incomplete, old or incorrect Registration Data provided by You.
You hereby expressly consent to receive communications including promotional content from Us through Your registered phone number and/or e-mail id. You consent to be contacted by Us via phone calls/SMS notifications/emails. You agree that any communication so received by You from Us will not amount to spam, unsolicited communication or a violation of Your registration on the national do not call registry.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your Registration Data and will be liable for all activities and transactions that occur through Your Account on the Site, whether initiated by You or any third party. The password and other details of the Account should not be shared with any third party. Your Account is non-transferable and is not capable of being sold to a third party. We shall not be liable for any loss that You may incur as a result of someone else using Your password or Account, either with or without Your knowledge.
In the event of any change in the said information, You agree to promptly update Your Account information to ensure that the communications We intend to send to You are promptly delivered to You and are not sent to any other entity/third party.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate Your Account with immediate effect and for an indefinite period, if We have a reason to believe that the Registration Data or any other data provided by You is incorrect or false, or that the security of Your Account has been compromised in any way or for other just and equitable reasons.
We allow You to open only one Account in association with the Registration Data provided by You. In case of any unauthorized use of Your Account please immediately reach Us at the shuttlesuport@Olacabs.com
In case, You are unable to access Your Account, please inform Us at shuttlesupport@olacabs.com and make a written request for blocking Your Account. We shall require atleast 72 (Seventy Two) hours to process your request unless in case of Force Majeure (as defined hereinafter) events. In any case, We will not be liable for any unauthorized transactions made through Your Account prior to blocking of Your Account by Us in the manner provided hereinabove.
Permit Holder Service Agreement
You shall be able to avail our Service and successfully book a ride on a Vehicle using the Site only upon accepting these T&Cs and the terms of the Permit Holder Service Agreement of the relevant Permit Holder, that governs the provision of transportation service to You using the Vehicle, available on the Site. You agree and accept that when You express interest in booking a ride on a Vehicle on the Site, the Vehicle shall be booked as a whole, for use by Yourself and other Co- passengers interested in booking a ride on the same Vehicle for the same route. YOU HENCE AGREE TO THESE T&Cs AND APPOINT OLA AS YOUR REPRESENTATIVE FOR THE PURPOSE OF BOOKING THE SAME VEHICLE FOR THE SAME ROUTE ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND OTHER CO- PASSENGERS, BY AND FOR ACCEPTING THE TERMS OF THE RELEVANT PERMIT HOLDER SERVICE AGREEMENT.
You agree that under this clause 5, Ola acts as your representative for the limited purpose of providing Services and will not be construed as your representative or agent or partner, whether under this Agreement or otherwise, for any other purpose.
Do’s & Don’ts
You are required to ensure that the Vehicle that reports for pick up bears the same registration number and the registration details specified to You through the Site.
You shall not use the Site for any unlawful purpose, including but not limited to sending or storing any unlawful material or for fraudulent purposes.
You may reach Us at shuttlesupport@olacabs.com and 080-33553399. All the calls made to OLA's Call Center are recorded by OLA for quality and training purposes.
Use of Site
You shall not host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any information that:
belongs to another person and to which You do not have any right to; or interferes with another user's use and enjoyment of the Site or Services; or
that is harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever, or unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing including but not limited to "indecent representation of women" within the meaning of the Indecent Representation of Women (Prohibition) Act, 1986, of another person; or
misleading in any way; or
is patently offensive to the online community, such as sexually explicit Content (as defined hereinafter), or Content that promotes obscenity, pedophilia, racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; or
involves the transmission of "junk mail," "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming"; or
infringes upon or violates any third party's rights, (including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, rights of privacy (including without limitation unauthorized disclosure of a person's name, email address, physical address or phone number) or rights of publicity]; or
contains restricted or password-only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page); or
provides material that exploits people in a sexual, violent or otherwise inappropriate manner or solicits personal information from anyone; or
provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, or providing or creating computer viruses; or
contains video, photographs, or images of another person without his or her express or written consent and permission or the permission or the consent of his her guardian in the case of minor; or
tries to gain unauthorized access or exceeds the scope of authorized access (as defined herein and in other applicable codes of conduct and end user access and license agreements) to the Site or to profiles, blogs, communities, account information, bulletins, or other areas of the Site or solicits passwords or personal identifying information from other users; or
engages in commercial activities and/or sales on or related to the Site, without Our prior written consent, such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising and pyramid schemes, or the buying or selling of "virtual" items. Throughout these T&Cs, Our "prior written consent" means a communication coming from Our authorized representative, specifically in response to Your request, and specifically addressing the proposed activity or conduct for which You seek authorization; or
refers to any website or URL that, in Our sole discretion, contains material that is inappropriate for the Site, contains Content that is prohibited under these T&Cs or violates the letter or spirit of these T&Cs; or
harms minors in any way; or
is fraudulent or involve the sale of counterfeit or stolen items; or
violates any law for the time being in force or any Ola policies, as updated from time to time; or
deceives or misleads the users about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature; or
impersonates another person; or
contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource; or contains any Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, easter eggs or other computer programming routines that may damage, detrimentally interfere with, diminish value of, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal identifiable information or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any transaction being conducted on the Site; or
threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting to any other nation; or
is false, inaccurate or misleading; or
directly or indirectly, offers, attempts to offer, trades or attempts to trade in any item, the dealing of which is prohibited or restricted in any manner under the provisions of any Applicable Laws, rule, regulation or guideline for the time being in force; or
creates liability for Us or causes Us to lose (in whole or in part) the services of Our ISPs or other suppliers.
You shall not use any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider" or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Site or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site. We reserve the right to bar any such activity.
You shall not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Site or any network connected to the Site nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Site or any network connected to the Site. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Site, or any Customer, including details of Accounts not owned by You, to its source, or exploit the Site or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Site, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by the Site.
You agree that You will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Site or Our systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Site.
You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal You send to Us on or through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site. You may not pretend that You are, or that You represent, someone else, or impersonate any other individual or entity.
You may not use the Site or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these T&Cs, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity that infringes the rights of Ola or others.
You shall not use the Services or Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, block or impair any of the server connected to the Site. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site through hacking, password mining or any other means.
You may not reverse engineer, decompile and disassemble any software used to provide the Services.
You shall not make any negative, denigrating or defamatory statement(s) or comment(s) about Us or the brand name or domain name used by Us or otherwise engage in any conduct or action that might tarnish the image or reputation, of Ola on platform or otherwise tarnish or dilute any of Our trade or service marks, trade name and/or goodwill associated with such trade or service marks, trade name as may be owned or used by Us.
Solely to enable Us to use the information so that We are not violating any rights You might have in Your Information, You agree to grant Us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise the copyright, publicity, database rights or any other rights You have in Your Information, in any media now known or not currently known, with respect to Your Information. We will only use Your Information in accordance with these T&Cs and Our Privacy Policy.
You shall not engage in advertising to, or solicitation of, other users of the Site to buy or sell any products or services, including, but not limited to, services related being displayed on or related to the Site. You may not transmit any chain letters or unsolicited commercial or junk email to other users via the Site. It shall be a violation of these T&Cs to use any information obtained from the Site in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to another person outside of the Site without Our prior explicit consent. In order to protect Our users from such advertising or solicitation, We reserve the right to restrict the communication from a user to other users, as We may deem appropriate in Our sole discretion.
You understand that We have the right at all times to disclose any information (including the identity of the persons providing information or materials on the Site) as necessary to satisfy any Applicable Laws, regulation or valid governmental request. This may include, without limitation, disclosure of the information in connection with investigation of alleged illegal activity or solicitation of illegal activity or in response to a lawful court order or subpoena. In addition, We can (and You hereby expressly authorize Us to) disclose any information about You to law enforcement or other government officials, as We, in Our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with the investigation and/or resolution of possible crimes, especially those that may involve personal injury.
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor the materials posted on the Site. We shall have the right to remove or edit any Content that in its sole discretion violates, or is alleged to violate, any Applicable Laws or either the spirit or letter of these T&Cs. Notwithstanding this right of Ola, YOU REMAIN SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OF THE MATERIALS YOU POST ON THE SITE/ AND IN YOUR PRIVATE MESSAGES. Please be advised that such Content posted does not necessarily reflect Our views. In no event shall We assume or have any responsibility or liability for any Content posted or for any claims, damages or losses resulting from use of Content and/or appearance of Content on the Site. You hereby represent and warrant that You have all necessary rights in and to all Content You provide and all information it contains and that such Content shall not infringe any proprietary or other rights of third parties or contain any libelous, tortious, or otherwise unlawful information.
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, third party advertisers found on or through the Site, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between You and such third party advertiser. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such third party advertisers on the Site.
It is possible that other users (including unauthorized users or "hackers") may post or transmit offensive or obscene materials on the Site and that You may be involuntarily exposed to such offensive and obscene materials. It is also possible for others to obtain personal information about You on the public forum due to your use of the Site, and that the recipient may use such information to harass or injure You. We do not approve of such unauthorized uses but by using the Site, You acknowledge and agree that, We shall not be responsible for the use of any personal information that You publicly disclose or share with others on the Site. Please carefully select the type of information that You publicly disclose or share with others on the Site, or from the Site on other social platforms (eg, but not limited to Facebook).
Contents Posted on Site
All text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork and computer code (collectively, "Content"), including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, "look and feel" and arrangement of such Content, contained on the Site is owned, controlled or licensed by or to Us, and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.
Except as expressly provided in these T&Cs, no part of the Site and no Content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way (including "mirroring") to any other computer, server, website or other medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise, without Our express prior written consent.
You may use information on the Site purposely made available by Us for downloading from the Site, provided that You:
do not remove any proprietary notice language in all copies of such documents; or
use such information only for Your personal, non-commercial informational purpose and do not copy or post such information on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media; or
make no modifications to any such information; or
do not make any additional representations or warranties relating to such documents.
You shall be responsible for any notes, messages, e-mails, photos, drawings, profiles, opinions, ideas, images, videos, audio files or other materials or information posted or transmitted to the Sites ("Posted Content") by You. Such Posted Content will become Our property and You grant Us the worldwide, perpetual and transferable rights in such Posted Content. We shall be entitled to, use the Posted Content or any of its elements for any type of use forever, including but not limited to promotional and advertising purposes and in any media whether now known or hereafter devised, including the creation of derivative works that may include Posted Content. You agree that any Posted Content may be used by Us in the manner that We deem fit, consistent with Applicable Laws and You are not entitled to any payment or other compensation for such use of Posted Content by Us. Notwithstanding anything contained in this clause, You shall be solely responsible for the Posted Content on the Site.
Placing a Service Request
You may offer a request to avail the Service on the Site after accepting these T&Cs and the Permit Holder Service Agreement. By offering a request to avail the Service on the Site You are bound by these T&Cs and the Permit Holder Service Agreement.

We will store the information provided by You for matters connected to the request for offer of Service and incidental thereto. Further, information relating to the Service will be sent to You on Your mobile number or email ID registered with Us by You. You may promptly inform Us on any change in the contact information provided.

We will not be responsible for any change in the mobile number/e-mail ids which have not been updated on the Site by You. We will not be liable for any loss incurred due to the inappropriateness of the mobile or email or any other communication medium.

Confirmation of Booking
We may, upon receiving the offer by You to avail the Service, accept the offer and initiate the Service including the booking of the Vehicle, which shall be informed to You through the Site or vide an SMS and/or email.

In the event the aforesaid offer is accepted by Us, You shall be sent the booking details including the Authorized Drivers name and contact details, Vehicle registration number, charges and the pick up and drop points estimated time of arrival ("ETA"), estimated travel time ("ETT") and such other details as We may determine from time to time. You hereby understand, agree and consent to the receipt of such messages from Us.

You shall be responsible for immediately reporting the errors, if any, occurred in the transmission of information regarding the initiation of Service, to You. You shall bear the consequences and damages for any delay that may be caused to You due to Your failure to check the confirmation SMS/email and/or failure to inform Us of the incorrect and/or inaccurate details immediately.

SUBSTITUTE VEHICLE
In the event of breakdown of the Vehicle during the course of the ride, every effort will be made by the Authorized Driver/Permit Holder for its immediate repair. In case the Vehicle is beyond repair by the Authorized Driver/Permit Holder, OLA on a best effort basis may arrange for a Substitute Vehicle offering the service of transportation for completing Your ride to Your destination. The availability of Substitute Vehicle shall be subject to Your confirmation to avail the services of such substitute transport service provider.
You acknowledge and agree that Substitute Vehicle may not be necessarily of the same type as that of the Vehicle availed from the Site. Moreover, OLA is facilitating Substitute Vehicle on Your confirmation to avail the services of such substitute transport service provider and these transport service provider of the Substitute Vehicle may not necessarily be Authorized Driver/Permit Holder and/or operator who are registered with OLA and perform services on and through the Site. OLA bears no responsibility and liability for delays and losses suffered by You or caused to You as a consequence of the breakdown of the Vehicle booked through the Site. Further, Ola shall not be held liable for any damages resulting from the use of the Substitute Vehicle.
Fare for the Services agreed between You, the Permit Holder of original Vehicle and OLA may remain the same and may not be affected by Your availing of the Substitute Vehicle. Without limiting any other provision of this Agreement, in the event of an accident, breakdown or equipment failure during the course of the ride, whether or not a Substitute Vehicle is available or accessible to You, OLA will not be liable for any resulting accommodation or living expenses or personal expense that is incurred by You.
Payment
Online payment for trips shall be made to Us in advance of the transportation services, through an e-wallet (OLA MONEY POWERED BY ZIPCASH). When You choose to make an online payment, We shall collect the fare from You as the representative of the Customer. Collection of the fare on behalf of the Customers and the handing over the fare to the Permit Holder shall in no way imply that the transportation services are being provided to You by Us.

The processing of payments or credits, as applicable, in connection with your use of the Payment Method will be subject to the terms, conditions, and privacy policies of the Payment Processor and/or OLAMONEY POWERED BY ZIPCASH that We engage for the purpose. We will not be responsible for any errors by the Payment Processor. In connection with your use of the Services, We will obtain certain transaction details, which We will use solely in accordance with its privacy policy.

We will generate the invoice on behalf of the Permit Holder servicing your request, which will be sent across to your registered e-mail. Please note that the charges mentioned in the invoice are exclusive of traffic surcharge. Any payment made is non-refundable.

Intellectual Property Protection
All trademarks, brands and service marks used in connection with the Site or Services offered by OLA are owned by OLA and is OLA’s property; OLA owns all copyrights and intellectual property rights and database rights in connection with the Services and the Site. Third party trademarks may appear on this Site and all rights therein are reserved to the registered owners of those trademarks. For use of any third party's intellectual property, You need to get permission directly from the owner of the intellectual property for any use.
You agree to abide by laws regarding copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret ownership and use of intellectual property, and You shall be solely responsible for any viOlations of any laws and for any infringements of any intellectual property rights caused by use of the Services or the Site.
Other Businesses
We do not take responsibility or liability for the actions, products, content and services on the Site, which are linked to affiliates and / or third party websites using Our APIs or otherwise. In addition, We may provide links to the third party websites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses for which, We assume no responsibility for examining or evaluating the products and services offered by them, and We do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of such third party website(s). We do not in any way endorse any third party website(s) or content thereof.

Links
We welcome links to this Site. You may establish a hypertext link to the Site, provided that the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of Your site by Us. You must not use on your site or in any other manner any Ola trademarks or service marks or any Content belonging to Ola and appearing on the Site, including any logos or characters, without Our express written consent. You must not frame or otherwise incorporate into another third party website or present in conjunction with or juxtaposed against such a website any of the content or other materials on the Site without Our prior written consent.

Termination and Expiry of the Account
We reserve the right to modify, terminate or suspend Services to You at any time without prior notice due to any changes in internal policy or the Applicable Laws or any breach of these T&Cs by You or for any reason whatsoever. You can terminate Your Account by submitting a request to Us at shuttlesupport@placabs.com. We will make every effort to respond to Your request for termination at the earliest. You will remain responsible for all transactions that occurred prior to termination of Your Account.

Disclaimers
You understand that Ola is merely an intermediary providing online marketplace services and the Site is only a platform where You shall request for OLA SHUTTLE transportation services by Permit Holders, to be provided upon execution of the Permit Holder Service Agreement and registration and acceptance of these T&Cs. Accordingly, We shall not be liable for the quality, safety, reliability, legality, delivery or any other aspect of the OLA SHUTTLE transportation service. To the extent permissible under Applicable Laws, Ola disclaims and shall disclaim all liabilities, whether civil, criminal, tortious, or otherwise, that may accrue as a consequence of the breach by the Permit Holder, during the course of providing the OLA SHUTTLE transportation service, (a) of the Applicable Laws; (b) of the terms of the applicable licenses and permits that are issued by the transport authorities in the City of Operation; or (c) of the duty of care the Permit Holder and/or the Driver owes to the Customers.
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. We disclaim all warranties of any kind about Our Services or the Site, whether express or implied including without limitation, any representation or warranty about for accuracy, availability, continuity, uninterrupted access, timeliness, sequence, quality, performance, security, merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, non-infringement or completeness.

Without prejudice to the forgoing paragraph, We do not warrant that:

This Site will be constantly available, or available at all;
The information on this Site is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading; or
This Site; information, Content, materials, product (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to You through the Site; their servers; or electronic communication sent from Us are free of viruses or other harmful components;
Nothing on the Site constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind.

Ola shall not be responsible or liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential loss or damage, howsoever caused or suffered by the Customer arising out of the use of Services, including but not limited to cancellation of the Services, deviations from the ETA and ETT.
Ola will contractually mandate that the Permit Holder fulfils his obligations to the Customers but, Ola will not be held liable for any loss or damages suffered by the Customers during the OLASHUTTLE transportation service or due to the failure of the Permit Holder to provide OLASHUTTLE transportation services to the Customer for any reason whatsoever.
It is expressly made clear to You hereby that Ola does not own any Vehicles nor does it directly or indirectly employ any Drivers for the Vehicles. Ola disclaims any and all liability in respect of the Drivers and the Vehicles alike. Ola however encourages You to notify Us of any complaints that You may have against the Driver of any Vehicle that You booked using the Site.
All the Vehicles listed on the Site are continuously tracked using GPS for security reasons only.
We will take every reasonable effort not to share any of trip details, Registration Data or other personal information (collectively, "Personal Information") You provide Us, except as required under any Applicable Law, or to the limited extent necessary for Us to implement any booking instructions We receive from You. Please read Our Privacy Policy for further details regarding the use of Your Personal Information. We will bear no liability for the consequences in any event where Your Personal Information has been willingly or inadvertently shared by You with any third party.
We do not authorize anyone to make a warranty on Our behalf and You may not rely on any statement of warranty as a warranty by Us.
Ola and its representatives, officers, employees, agents and contractors shall not be liable for any loss, damage, claim, expense, cost (including legal costs) or liability arising directly or indirectly from Your use or non-use of the Service or the Site, or Your reliance upon the Service or the information contained upon the Site (whether arising from OLA or any other person's negligence or otherwise).
Notices and communication
Any notice or notification in relation to these T&Cs which You wish to make to Us must be made in writing to:

Attn: Shuttle Support Team
Address: 4th Floor, Cherry Hills Building, Embassy Golf Links Business Park, Koramangala Inner Ring Road, Domlur.
E-mail: shuttlesupport@olacabs.com

All Your communication with Us will be of a professional nature only. You will not contact Us to harass, intimidate or threaten any person, or to promote any cause, which You may support.
You will be also subject to Our privacy policy
Indemnity and Limitation of Liability
You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless OLA, and each of their affiliates (and their respective employees, directors, agents and representatives) from and against any and all claims, costs, losses, damages, judgments, penalties, interest and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) that arises out of or relates to use of the Services or the Site from Your Account, or Your violation of these T&Cs and the Permit Holder Service Agreement.
YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY DISPUTES WITH US IS THE CANCELLATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT WITH THE SITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL OLA BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN INFORMED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT OUR TOTAL CUMULATIVE.
TO YOU FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, EXCEED INR 1000/- (INDIAN RUPESS ONE THOUSAND ONLY).
Force Majeure
We shall not be liable for any failure to perform any obligations under this T&Cs, if the performance is prevented, hindered or delayed by a Force Majeure Event and in such case its obligations shall be suspended for so long as the Force Majeure Event continues.

For the Purpose of this clause "Force Majeure Event" shall mean any event arising due to any cause beyond the reasonable control of Ola.

Copyright complaint
We respect the intellectual property of others. In case You feel that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, You can write to Us at shuttlesupport@olacabs.com.

Waiver
Our failure, delay or omission to exercise or enforce any rights or provisions of these T&Cs will not constitute a waiver of such rights or provisions. A waiver on any one occasion will not be construed as a bar or waiver of any rights or remedies on future occasions. Any claim in relation to Services or T&Cs should be filed within 3 (Three) months from when the cause of action arose. Any claims filed beyond this time period shall be barred.

Revision of T&Cs
We reserve the right to change any of these T&Cs or any policies or guidelines governing the Site or Services, at any time and at Our sole discretion. It is Your responsibility to review these T&Cs periodically for updates / changes. Any changes will be effective upon posting of the revisions on the Site. We may send You an automated e-mail to Your registered e-mail ID informing about the changes made.
Unless otherwise specified by Us, revised T&Cs will take effect automatically and be binding from the day they are posted on the Site. By continuing to access or use the Site or the Services, You will be deemed to have agreed to accept and be bound by such revised T&Cs. If You do not agree to the revised T&Cs, You should discontinue accessing Our Site or using Our Services immediately. You can find the date on which these T&Cs were last updated at the legend ‘Last updated on‘ at the beginning of these T&C’s.
Customer grievance redressal policy
If You are not satisfied with the quality of Service(s) offered or have any other complaints or grievance, please contact Our customer care at shuttlesupport@olacabs.com.
The procedure of escalation of complaints shall be as follows:

Escalation Level – 1: Write to Team Ola Shuttle
Address: 4th Floor, Cherry Hills Building,
E-mail: shuttlesupport@olacabs.com
Response Time: 72 hours

We shall respond to all complaints lodged with us, within 72 (seventy two) hours through emails, telephone calls, personal visits, etc. and shall redress your grievance expeditiously.
Severability
If any part of these T&Cs is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to the Applicable Laws then the invalid or unenforceable provisions will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these T&Cs will continue in effect.

Governing law and dispute resolution
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this T&Cs or the validity, interpretation, breach or termination thereof ("Dispute"), including claims seeking redress or asserting rights under the Applicable Law shall be amicably settled, in the offices of Ola in Bangalore, through mutual consultation and escalation at such offices of Ola as Ola may designate. If the Dispute is not settled amicably as aforesaid within a period of [14] (Fourteen) calendar days, the matter would be referred to arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. Arbitration shall be presided over by a sole arbitrator mutually appointed by Us and the Customer.
The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in the English language. The venue for the arbitration proceedings shall be Bengaluru.
This T&Cs and the Permit Holder Service Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India and, subject to this Clause 25, We and You agree and undertake that any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these T&Cs and the Permit Holder Service Agreement will be adjudicated exclusively before a competent court in Bengaluru, India only.
Ola Money Terms & Conditions
Last Updated on January 17, 2017
This document is an electronic record in terms of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules made thereunder as applicable and the provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures. By registering at or merely browsing on Our Site, You have unconditionally agreed to be bound by all of these terms and conditions of Service for use and access of the Site. PLEASE ENSURE THAT YOU READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL THESE USER TERMS BEFORE YOU USE ANY OF THE SERVICES OFFERED ON THE SITE, BECAUSE YOU SHALL BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED HEREIN. If You do not accept any of the User Terms, then please don’t use the Site or avail any of the Services being provided therein. YOU AGREEING TO THESE USER TERMS SHALL OPERATE AS A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND ZIPCASH IN RESPECT OF THE SERVICES OFFERED/AVAILED USING THE SITE.

Definitions All of the defined and capitalized terms in these User Terms will have the meaning assigned to them herein below:
"Act" shall mean the Payment and Settlement Systems Act, 2007 and shall include any amendment, modification or re-enactment of the same, or any other succeeding enactment for the time being in force.

"Account" shall mean and refer to the account created by the Customer on the Site after providing the Registration Data for availing the Services provided by Zipcash.

"ANI" shall mean ANI Technologies Private Limited, a company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 and having its registered office at, Regent Insignia, #414, 3rd Floor, 4th Block, 17th Main, 100 Feet Road, Koramangala, Bangalore – 560034. ANI is one of the registered merchant with Zipcash, which has Zipcash Wallet as one of payment option.

"Applicable Laws" shall mean and include all applicable statutes, enactments, acts of legislature or the Parliament, laws, ordinances, rules, by-laws, regulations, notifications, guidelines, policies, directions, directives and orders of any governmental authority, tribunal, board, or a court and applicable international treaties and regulations, in force at the relevant time in India.

"Charges" shall mean any charge and/or fee levied by Zipcash to the Customer for availing the Service(s), a full list of such charges/fees would be available at https://www.zipcash.in/User/PricingPolicy.html.

"Customer" or "You" or "Your" or "Yourself" shall mean and refer to a person who has an Account for the purpose of availing the Services and who has accepted these User Terms. Customer shall also include a dealer who buys, sells or resells Zipcash Coupons.

"Merchant" shall mean an individual or a duly incorporated organization that accepts payments for its products/services through the Zipcash Payment Options.

"PPI Guidelines" shall mean the Issuance and Operation of Pre-paid Payment Instruments in India Directions, 2009 issued by RBI and updated from time to time.

"RBI" shall mean the Reserve Bank of India.

"RBI Regulations" shall mean the Act and the rules and regulations made thereunder and shall include any notifications, master circulars, instructions or guidelines issued and updated by the RBI from time to time, in relation to the same.

"Service(s)" shall mean and include without limitation the facilitation of payments to Merchant/(s) for the products/services availed by the Customer from the Merchant/(s) using the Zipcash Payment Options and enabling receipt of such payments by the Merchant.

"Site" shall mean the website www.zipcash.in and such other websites and mobile applications as may be developed and /or operated by Zipcash whether singly or in collaboration/partnership with another entity. For clarity, the site shall include without limitation the Ola Money powered by Zipcash mobile application.

"Transaction" shall mean every payment request or order placed by the Customer using the Zipcash Payment Options. For clarity, Transaction shall include failed Transactions.

"User Terms" or "T&Cs" shall mean and refers to these terms and conditions that are available on the Site, and which govern the use of Services.

"Wallet to Wallet Transfer" shall mean and refer to a service wherein the Customers may transfer funds from their Zipcash Wallet to another Zipcash Wallet.

"Wallet to Bank Transfer" shall mean and refer to a service wherein the Customers can transfer funds from their Zipcash Wallet to a designated savings or current bank account

"Zipcash" or "We" or "Us" or "Our" or "Ourselves" shall mean and refer to Zipcash Card Services Private Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 and having its corporate office at 323, Corporate Centre, Nirmal Lifestyle, LBS Marg, Mulund W, Mumbai – 400080 and shall include its successors and assigns.

"Zipcash Coupon(s)" shall mean and include a prepaid payment instrument in the nature of a coupon issued by Zipcash whether singly or in collaboration with another entity available to Customers in the physical form or digital/electronic form.

"Zipcash Payment Options" shall mean and include Zipcash Coupon/(s), Zipcash Wallet and other such payment instruments as may be owned and operated by Zipcash, whether singly or in collaboration with another entity.

"Zipcash Wallet" or "Wallet" shall mean and refer to a pre-paid payment instrument, in the nature of an electronic vault for currency, issued by Zipcash whether singly or in collaboration with another entity available to the Customers, in the electronic form, which is routed through mobile phones, internet, computer systems or through other media. For clarity, Ola Money powered by Zipcash is a Zipcash Wallet.

Interpretation
References to statutory provisions shall be construed as meaning and including references to any amendment or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force, and to all statutory instruments or orders made pursuant to such statutory provisions;
The headings of the various clauses in these User Terms are only for quick reference and identification and are not to be taken as a statement of content of the clauses thereunder. They shall not be capable of restricting or otherwise altering the provisions and interpretations contained in the various terms of these User Terms;
The singular includes the plural and vice versa, and words importing a gender include other genders.
References to the words "include" or "including" shall be construed without limitation;
References to these User Terms or to any other agreement, deed or other instrument or document shall be construed as a reference to such agreement, deed or other instrument or document as the same may, from time to time, be amended, varied or supplemented.
Any reference to a natural person will, unless repugnant to the context, include his heirs, executors and permitted assigns. Similarly, any reference to a juristic person such as Zipcash will, unless repugnant to the context, include its affiliates, successors and permitted assigns.
Throughout these User Terms, Our "prior written consent" means a communication coming from Our authorized representative, specifically in response to Your request, and specifically addressing the activity or conduct for which You seek authorization.
Eligibility
You will be "Eligible" to register on the Site and/or use Our Services only when You fulfill the following conditions:
You have attained 18 (eighteen) years of age; and
You are competent to enter into a contract under the Applicable Laws.
You can avail the Services only if You fulfill the conditions as mentioned in 3.I.a and 3.I.b above. If You are not Eligible, please immediately abandon any and all attempts to register with Us, and cease Your use of the Site.
We rely completely on the information provided by You and We shall not be held liable if You or anyone who uses Your Account or the Services is not an Eligible user.
As a minor if You wish to avail the Services, such Services may be availed by your legal guardian or parents who have registered as Customers on the Site.
Notwithstanding anything contained under these User Terms, We reserve the right to terminate Your membership, refuse to provide You with access to the Site and/or refuse to provide the Services to You, if it is brought to Our notice or if it is discovered that You are not Eligible to register on/use the Site under these User Terms and/or Applicable Laws.

Registration
You can register as a Customer, by providing a valid phone number, Your name, valid and functional e-mail address and any other additional information that RBI Regulations may prescribe to be necessary to satisfy Know Your Customer norms ("KYC Norms"), or any other information that We may deem fit and require from time to time. ("Registration Data").
You shall ensure that the Registration Data provided by You is accurate, complete, current and true. We shall bear no liability for false, incomplete, old or incorrect Registration Data provided to Us by You.
You hereby expressly consent to receive communications from Us to Your registered phone number and/or e-mail id. You consent to be contacted by Us via phone calls/SMS notifications. You agree that any communication so received by You from Us will not amount to spam, unsolicited communication or a violation of Your registration on the national do not call registry.
You will have to create an ID and password at the time of registering on the Site. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your Registration Data and will be liable for all activities and Transactions that occur through Your Account, whether initiated by You or by any third party. The password and other details of Your Account should not be shared with any third party. Your Account is non- transferable and is not capable of being sold to a third party. We shall not be liable for any loss that You may incur as a result of someone else using Your password or Account or accessing Your device, either with or without Your knowledge. We shall not be liable for any claims, damages, liabilities etc. that may be suffered by You or any third party as a consequence of any unauthorized use of Your account, and You shall be solely liable for the same.
In the event of any change in the said Registration Data, You agree to promptly update Your Account information to ensure that the communications We intend to send to You are promptly delivered to You and are not sent to any other entity/third party.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate Your Account with immediate effect and for an indefinite period, if We have reason to believe that the Registration Data or any other data provided by You is incorrect or false, or that the security of Your Account has been compromised in any way. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate Your Account for reasons including but not limited to any fraud charges against You raised by any bank, other Account holders or concerned authorities and We also reserve the right to share Your information with them for the purposes of investigation.
We allow You to open only one Account in association with the Registration Data provided by You.
In case of any unauthorized use of Your Account, please immediately reach Us at care@zipcash.in
In case, You are unable to access Your Account or the Zipcash Wallet, please inform Us at care@zipcash.in and make a written request for blocking Your Account, if required. We will not be liable for any unauthorized transactions made through Your Account prior to You making a request in writing for blocking and during the processing of such requests. We shall require atleast 72 (Seventy Two) hours to process your request and the same shall be subject to occurrence of any Force Majeure Events or any other events, which are beyond Our reasonable control.
Zipcash Services
Ola Money powered by Zipcash ("Ola Money e-Wallet")
You may avail the Services of the Ola Money e-Wallet which is a Zipcash Wallet and one of the Zipcash Payment Options, upon successful registration and creation of an Account on the Site.
The currency of issue of the Ola Money e-Wallet shall be Indian Rupees (INR).
You can reload the Ola Money e-Wallet by using only those modes of payment as enabled by Us. These payment modes may be revised by Us from time to time at Our sole discretion.
When You opt to load money into Your Ola Money e-Wallet, You will be required to provide certain information ("Payment Details") for the purpose of reloading. You acknowledge and agree that by providing such Payment Details, You authorise Us to reload Your Ola Money e-Wallet. The Payment Details You provide must be true, complete, current and accurate. We do not bear any liability for the consequences if You provide false, incomplete or incorrect Payment Details.
You represent and warrant that You are legally and fully entitled to use any debit card, credit card, bank or any other mode that You may use to load funds into Your Ola Money e-Wallet. We shall not be held responsible in case You don’t have sufficient funds or authorised access to use such payment modes to load Your Ola Money e-Wallet.
The limits of re-loading for the Ola Money e-Wallet shall be as listed below:
Recharge upto Rs.10,000/- may be made by You after providing minimum details as required by Us, provided the amount outstanding at any point of time in Your Ola Money e-Wallet does not exceed Rs 10,000/- and the total value of reloads during any given calendar month also does not exceed Rs 10,000/-
Recharge upto Rs. 1,00,000/- may be made by You after providing appropriate information to Us as per the KYC Norms prescribed by RBI from time to time. However, the balance in Your Ola Money e-Wallet should not exceed Rs. 1,00,000/- at any point of time.
You hereby authorize Us to hold, receive and disburse funds in Your Ola Money e-Wallet in accordance with any payment instructions We receive from You.
All Transactions shall be subject to: (i) the amount of the outstanding balance existing in the Ola Money e-Wallet at the time of initiating a Transaction, (ii) the RBI Regulations, and/or (iii) any other limits/ conditions as may prescribed by Us from time to time.
Transfer of funds from Your Ola Money e-Wallet to another Ola Money e- Wallet shall be permitted up to INR 5,000/- (Indian Rupees Five Thousand) per Transaction, subject to a cap of INR 25,000 (Indian Rupees Twenty Five Thousand) per month.
This Service of transfer of funds from one Ola Money e-Wallet to another Ola Money e-Wallet shall be available only on the following operating systems: Andriod, IOS, Windows.
Following conditions should be fulfilled for transfer of funds from one Ola Money e-Wallet to another:
The transferor must have available funds to be able to initiate a transfer to the transferee; and
The transferee must be registered with the Site and must maintain an Ola Money e-Wallet with Us to receive transfer of funds from the transferor.
We rely solely on information provided by You for initiating the transfer of funds from on Ola Money e-Wallet to another and We will bear no responsibility or liability in the event that funds are not transferred to the desired transferee or are transferred incorrectly, due to no fault of Zipcash. In the event We have any reason to believe that the funds which have been transferred have been transferred incorrectly or fraudulently or to persons who are not eligible to receive such funds, We reserve the right to cancel the transfer and/or to terminate Your Ola Money e-Wallet and the Ola Money e- Wallet of the person to whom You have transferred the funds, with immediate effect.
Zipcash is not liable for the wrong transfer of funds between two Ola Money e-Wallets (including but not limited to transfer to a different user/ Customer, etc) and the amount shall not be reversed to the transferor in case of an erroneous transfer and/ or in case the funds have been transferred and/or the transferee has already claimed or used the funds transferred.
You may not withdraw and/or redeem any outstanding balance in the Ola Money e-Wallet, unless expressly provided otherwise by Us.
You may initiate a Wallet to Bank Transfer. Wallet to Bank Transfer shall be permitted up to INR 5,000/- (Indian Rupees Five Thousand) per Transaction, subject to a cap of INR 25,000 (Indian Rupees Twenty Five Thousand) per month or such other legally prescribed limits. In order to provide this service, We would be charging You a transaction fee as set out at https://www.zipcash.in/User/PricingPolicy.html, along with applicable service tax ("Transfer Fee") on each Wallet to Bank Transfer transaction. This Transfer Fee will be deducted from Your Ola Money e-Wallet at the time of the Wallet to Bank Transfer.
You may not transfer Your Ola Money e-Wallet account to any third party.
Your Ola Money e-Wallet account shall be valid and operational for a period of 3 (three) years from the date of activation/issuance to You, until suspended/ terminated by Zipcash in accordance with these User Terms, unless the validity of the Ola Money e-Wallet is extended by Us at Our discretion.
The maximum permissible period of non-use of the Ola Money e-Wallet ("Permissible Dormant Period") shall be 6 (six) months either from the date of issuance or from the date of the last use of the Ola Money e-Wallet account, whichever is later.
You agree that any outstanding balance in Your Ola Money e-Wallet shall be forfeited at the time of expiry of the Ola Money e-Wallet account or at the time of suspension/termination of Your Ola Money e-Wallet account for any reason whatsoever. Information about the forfeiture of Your Ola Money e- Wallet balance (due to the impending expiry of Your Ola Money e-Wallet) shall be intimated to You at reasonable intervals, during the 30 (thirty) days period prior to the expiry of Your Ola Money e-Wallet. The intimation shall be sent to Your registered e-mail address or phone number. We shall not be held responsible or liable for any failure of delivery of the intimation to You.
You expressly agree and acknowledge that You shall have no claims against Us for the balance forfeited from Your Ola Money e-Wallet.
Zipcash Coupons
Customer will be entitled to purchase the Zipcash Coupons vide various methods, including, but not limited to, dropping a cheque in any of the Zipcash collection boxes, using credit/debit card online to charge the Customer’s account with Zipcash, or by giving cash to any of the authorised dealers of Zipcash in exchange for reloading their account held as Zipcash Coupons. In consideration of the Customer making payment to Zipcash or to any of its authorised dealers, Zipcash will issue and/or cause to be issued to the Customer the Zipcash Coupons in the physical and/or the digital form, depending upon the manner in which the Customer places the order.
The reload of the Zipcash Coupons shall be effected by crediting the Customer’s Zipcash Coupon account with Zipcash Coupons of the requisite denominations depending upon the amount paid through (i) credit/debit card online; (ii) cash payment to any of the authorized dealers of Zipcash; and (iii) dropping a cheque in any of the Zipcash collection boxes In case the Customer purchases Zipcash Coupons in the form of physical prepaid cards, he will be allotted a unique PIN which the Customer will communicate through SMS or through the Zipcash website to the Zipcash server against which his account will be loaded with equivalent Zipcash Coupons corresponding to the value mentioned on such prepaid card.
Zipcash Payment Options are not and shall not be a domestic remittance service and as such no Customer will be entitled to redeem and/or cause to be redeemed the same for cash. Zipcash Payment Options are not and shall not be a legal tender within the meaning of any law including the RBI Regulations.
Zipcash Payment Options are being offered as a service using mobile phones, mobile application, including mobile application operated through the Site, using SMS and may also be offered by other methods as intimated by Us to Customers over time. However, different mobile service providers may have different restrictions / limitations in their packages offered to their mobile subscribers. Zipcash is not responsible for any such limited service offering from any mobile service provider or for such differences in between any two or more such providers. You may be charged a fee for using SMS and mobile services by Your mobile operator, and Zipcash is not responsible for such charges.
Zipcash does not permit, facilitate or allow the following services on the Site and payments for the following services on or through the use of the Site and/or the Zipcash Payment Options:
Online gambling
Remittance services
Any other service prohibited under Applicable Laws.
You understand that advertising plays an important role in the provision of this Service, and that We will display advertisements and other information whether as part of the Services or otherwise, which You may use. Subject to Applicable Laws, We may periodically send promotional email/SMS to You about services offered by Us and Our advertisers.
In many cases, we provide services of third parties, or our Services in conjunction with that of third parties. In those cases, We provide such Services subject to the terms, conditions and limitations imposed by those third parties, which shall also be binding on You. If those third parties change, suspend or stop providing such services, we may similarly change, suspend or stop providing the Services to You without notice. We may nevertheless endeavour to provide such a Service in another way or by using another third party. You shall have no claims against Us in this regard. You authorise Us to provide any of Your Personal Information (as defined below) to those third parties to the extent that it may be necessary to enable Us and the third parties to provide the Services to You. To the extent that there is a conflict between the third party's terms and conditions and these User Terms, these User Terms will prevail, as regards You availing the Services.
We reserve the right to reject or refuse any third party service used by You in conjunction with our Service.
We will take every reasonable effort not to share any of the Payment Details, Registration Data or other personal information (collectively, "Personal Information") You provide Us, except as required under RBI Regulations and Applicable Laws, or to the extent necessary for Us to implement any payment instructions We receive from You. Please read Our Privacy Policy for further details regarding the use of Your Personal Information. We will bear no liability for the consequences in any event where Your Personal Information has been willingly or inadvertently shared by You with any third party.
Payments to Merchants
When We receive payment instructions from You to pay a Merchant, You authorize and order Us to commit Your payment to that Merchant. This authorization will remain in effect as long as You maintain a Zipcash Payment Option with Us.
In the event You have any dispute with the Merchant in relation to the goods or services provided to You by a Merchant, You must report the matter to the concerned Merchant. Zipcash shall neither be liable for the goods and/or services provided by the Merchants nor be made a party to the dispute between the Merchant and You. Zipcash shall also not be required to mediate any such dispute between You and the Merchant.
Charges
The Charges levied by Zipcash on the Customers for the use of the Services, are available at https://www.zipcash.in/User/PricingPolicy.html. We reserve the right to change Our policies and Charges from time to time. In particular, We may, at Our sole discretion, introduce new services and modify some or all of the existing Services offered on the Site. In such an event, We reserve, without notice to You, the right to introduce fees for the new services offered or amend/introduce Charges for existing Services, as the case may be. Changes to the Charges and related policies shall automatically become effective immediately once such additional services are activated on the Site. You shall at times ensure that You use the updated version of the Site.
Zipcash reserves the right to modify or alter the Charges at its sole and absolute discretion, from time to time. All Customers shall be liable to pay these applicable Charges for using the Services. Zipcash will be entitled to recover the Charges and the other dues at source, from and out of the Zipcash Payment Options. The Customer will also be liable for any Government taxes or levies which may be payable on such Service Charges levied by Zipcash.
Refunds
In the event that You desire a refund on any amount that has been debited from Your Zipcash Wallet or Zipcash Coupon account please email care@zipcash.in and make a refund request clearly explaining the circumstances of Your refund request.
Where We determine that a refund request is valid, We shall make reasonable efforts to grant the refund request and return the requisite funds to Your Zipcash Wallet or Zipcash Coupon account.
Please note that RBI Regulations do not permit Us to refund any balance by way of cash redemption for the funds existing in Your Zipcash Wallet or Zipcash Coupon account to You. However, We may provide You with an option to transfer funds from Your Zipcash Wallet to a designated bank account in terms of Clause 5.I.o above. Any such Wallet to bank transfer shall not amount to a refund or withdrawal.
In case Your Zipcash Wallet or Zipcash Coupon account is erroneously loaded / reloaded, after assessing the validity of the written request from You or at our sole discretion, We shall process to credit the funds to the same source from where these were received.
We will make reasonable efforts to respond to Your refund request at the earliest. Please note that We will not be responsible for delays, which may be caused by any third parties such as banks and Merchants, on whom We rely while processing Your refund request, or for any delay caused in the case of any Force Majeure events which are beyond Our reasonable control. Therefore, We bear no liability for the processing of the refund requests.
Chargebacks
You may have the right to initiate a chargeback request in accordance with the terms and conditions of Your debit or credit card scheme or Your bank account. Please note Your chargeback request will be processed by Your debit/ credit card provider or Your bank and not by Us. Therefore, We bear no liability for processing of the chargeback requests.
We reserve the right to review Your Account and Transaction history pursuant to a chargeback request, in order to determine the veracity of a chargeback request, including to determine the occurrence of any fraud. If We have any reason to believe that there has been a fraudulent activity on Your Zipcash Wallet or Zipcash Coupon account, We reserve the right to terminate, block or suspend Your Account with immediate effect. You shall have no claims against Us in this regard.
Non working days
We are reliant on third parties such as banks to deliver timely Services. Since, We cannot control the actions of such third parties, We will not be responsible to render Services or process payments or refunds on the following days ("Non-Working Days"):
Days which are declared as holidays by the RBI, and any other day which is declared a holiday by Us.
Saturdays and Sundays and days declared as holidays on account of bandhs or festivals in any State or Union Territory in India. We will continue to render Services which do not involve that particular State or Union Territory in which a holiday has been declared on that day.
Use of Site
You agree, undertake and confirm that Your use of Site shall be strictly governed by the following binding principles:
You shall not host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any information that:
belongs to another person and to which You do not have any right to; or interferes with another Customer's or user’s use and enjoyment of the Site or any other individual's use and enjoyment of the Services; or
is harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatsoever, or threatening or harassing including but not limited to any violation as under the Indecent Representation of Women (Prohibition) Act, 1986; or
is patently offensive including content that is sexually explicit, or promotes obscenity, pedophilia, racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; or
involves the transmission of "junk mail," "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming"; or
infringes upon or violates any third party's rights, (including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, rights of privacy (including without limitation unauthorized disclosure of a person's name, email address, physical address or phone number); or
contains restricted or password-only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page); or
provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses; or
contains video, photographs, or images of another person without his or her express written consent and permission or the permission or the consent of his or her guardian in the case of a minor; or
tries to gain unauthorized access or exceeds the scope of authorized access; or
engages in commercial activities and/or sales without Our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising and pyramid schemes, or the buying or selling of "virtual" items related to the Sites; or
refers to any website or URL that, in Our sole discretion, contains material that is inappropriate for the Site, contains content that would be prohibited, or that violates the letter or spirit of these T&Cs; or
harms minors in any way; or
is violative of Applicable Laws; or
deceives or misleads the addressee/ Customers about the origin of such messages, or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature; or
impersonates another person; or
contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource; or contains any Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, easter eggs or other computer programming routines that may damage, detrimentally interfere with, diminish value of, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal identifiable information or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any transaction being conducted on the Site; or
threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting to any other nation; or
is false, inaccurate or misleading in any way; or
directly or indirectly, offers, attempts to offer, trade or attempt to trade in any item, the dealing of which is prohibited or restricted in any manner under the provisions of any Applicable Law for the time being in force; or
creates liability for Us or causes Us to lose (in whole or in part) the services of Our ISPs or other suppliers or has an adverse impact on the business being carried on by Us in any manner whatsoever.
You shall not use any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider" or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Site or any content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site. We reserve the right to bar any such activity and take all steps required at our sole discretion.
You shall not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Site or any network connected to the Site nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Site or any network connected to the Site. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Site, or any other Customer of Zipcash, including any of Our Account or Wallet not owned by You, to its source, or exploit the Site or any Service or information made available or offered by or through the Site, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than Your own information, as provided for by the Site. In the event that We suspect Your involvement in any of the activities as stated above, We reserve the right to bar any such activity and take all steps required at Our sole discretion.
You agree that You will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Site or Our systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Site.
You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or payment You send to Us on or through the Site or any Service offered on or through the Site. You may not pretend that You are, or that You represent, someone else, or impersonate any other individual or entity.
You may not use the Site or any content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these User Terms, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity that infringes the rights of Zipcash, the Customers or others.
You shall not use the Services or Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, block or impair any of the servers connected to the Site. You shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services through hacking, password mining or any other means.
You shall not reverse engineer, decompile and disassemble any software used to provide the Services.
You shall not make any negative, denigrating or defamatory statement(s) or comment(s) about Us or the brand name or domain name used by Us or otherwise engage in any conduct or action that might tarnish the image or reputation of Zipcash or its Merchants on the Site, or otherwise tarnish or dilute any of Our trade or service marks, trade name and/or goodwill associated with such trade or service marks or trade name, as may be owned or used by Us.
You shall not engage in advertising to, or solicitation of, other Customers of the Site to buy or sell any products or services, including, but not limited to, related services being displayed on or in relation to the Site. It shall be a violation of these User Terms to use any information obtained from the Site in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to another person outside of the Site without Our prior written consent.
You have the option to request Us to send You information regarding any other services, discounts and promotions provided by Us. If you require Us to provide You information regarding offers, discounts and promotions relating to the Services availed by You, click "Yes", otherwise click "No" in the communication sent to You. If you click "Yes", We or an authorised representative, shall provide the above information to You by way of an SMS or email to Your registered mobile number/ email address. You also have the option to discontinue receiving such information at any point of time. To discontinue receiving such information, You may email Us at care@zipcash.in at any point of time to discontinue the same. Such discontinuation shall take effect within thirty (30) days of receipt of a written request from You.
You expressly grant Us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty- free, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise the copyright, publicity, database rights or any other rights You have in Your information (including Personal Information), so as to enable Us to use the same in a manner wherein We are not in violation of Your rights under any Applicable Laws. You also expressly grant us the rights to use Your information in any media now known or not currently known, with respect to Your information. We will only use Your information in accordance with these User Terms and Our Privacy Policy.
Any offers, promotions by Zipcash in relation to the Zipcash Payment Options shall be subject to the terms and conditions issued along with such offer and Zipcash shall at its sole discretion modify/alter such terms and conditions and You agree to be bound by such terms and condition when accepting the offer.
You understand that We have the right at all times to disclose any information (including the identity of the persons providing information or materials on the Site) as necessary to comply with Applicable Laws, or any valid governmental request. This may include, without limitation, disclosure of the information in connection with investigation of any alleged illegal activity or solicitation of illegal activity, or disclosure in response to a lawful court order or subpoena. In addition, We can (and You hereby expressly authorize Us to) disclose any information about You to the law enforcement department or other government officials, as We, in Our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with the investigation and/or resolution of possible crimes.
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor the materials posted on the Site. We shall have the right to remove or edit any content that in Our sole discretion violates, or is alleged to violate, any Applicable Law or either the spirit or letter of these User Terms. Notwithstanding this right of Zipcash, YOU SHALL REMAIN SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OF THE MATERIALS YOU POST ON THE SITE AND IN YOUR PRIVATE MESSAGES. Please be advised that such content posted does not necessarily reflect Our views. In no event shall We assume or have any responsibility or liability for any content posted or for any claims, damages or losses resulting from the appearance of such content on the Site and/or its use thereof. You hereby represent and warrant that You have all necessary rights in and to all the content You provide and to all the information contained therein and that such content shall not infringe any proprietary or other rights of third parties or contain any libelous, tortious, or otherwise unlawful information.
It is possible that other Customers (including unauthorized users or "hackers") may post or transmit offensive or obscene materials on the Site and that You may be involuntarily exposed to such offensive and obscene materials. It is also possible for others to obtain Personal Information about You on the public forum due to Your use of the Site, and that the recipient may use such information to harass or injure You. We do not approve of such unauthorized uses, but by using the Site, You acknowledge and agree that We shall not be responsible or liable for the use of any Personal Information that You publicly disclose or share with others on the Site, and for any unauthorized disclosure due to any reason not solely attributable to Us. Please carefully select the type of information that You disclose or share on the Site ad with other users of the Site.
We shall have all the rights to take necessary action and claim damages that may occur due to Your involvement/participation in any way on Your own or through group/s of people, intentionally or unintentionally in DoS/DDoS (Denial of Services /Distributed Denial of Services).
Each Customer may be issued a personal identification number (PIN) to enable use of Zipcash Coupons for accessing his/her Account on the internet and also for availing any privilege, benefit or service that may be offered by Zipcash or to make transactions using SMS. The PIN will be communicated to the Customer entirely at his/her risk, who shall not disclose the PIN to any person and shall take all possible care to avoid its discovery by any person. The Customer shall be liable for all transactions made with the use of the PIN, whether with or without the knowledge of the Customer. Zipcash reserves the right to refuse any Transactions if it believes that the PIN is being misused or being used without appropriate authorization.
You may be issued a user ID and password to access Your Zipcash Wallet. You must keep the password confidential and not share it with any other person/Customer. You are responsible for all activities on Your Zipcash Wallet, whether or not You authorized it. However, if You become aware of any unauthorized use of Your Zipcash Wallet or Your user ID and password, please contact Zipcash immediately on care@zipcash.in.
Zipcash’s performance of these User Terms is subject to the Applicable Laws, and nothing contained in these User Terms is in derogation of Zipcash's right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to Your use of the Services or information provided to or gathered by Zipcash with respect to such use. You agree that Zipcash may provide details of Your use of the Service to regulators or police or to any other third party, in order to resolve disputes or complaints which relate to the Service, at Zipcash’s sole and absolute discretion.
These User Terms constitute the entire agreement between the Customer and Zipcash with respect to the Services and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between the Customer and Zipcash with respect to this Service. A printed version of these User Terms and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in the printed form.
Content posted on the Site
All text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork and computer code (collectively, "Content"), including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, "look and feel" and arrangement of such Content, contained on the Site is owned, controlled or licensed by or to Us, and is protected by copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property laws.
Except as expressly provided in these User Terms, no part of the Site and no Content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way (including "mirroring") to any other computer, server, website or other medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise, without Our prior written consent.
You may use information on Our Services purposely made available by Us for downloading from the Site, provided that You:
do not remove any proprietary notice language in all copies of such documents; or
use such information only for Your personal, non-commercial informational purpose, and do not copy or post such information on any computer network or broadcast it in any media; or
make any modifications to any such information; or
do not make any representations or warranties on Our behalf relating to such information.
Third Party Services/Links
We do not take responsibility or liability for the actions, products, content and Services on the Site, which are linked to Merchants and/or third party websites using Our APIs or otherwise. In addition, We may provide links to the third party websites and certain other businesses on the Site. We assume no responsibility for examining or evaluating the products and services offered by them or for any third party content/ information. We do not warrant (i) the offerings of any of these businesses or the content of such third party website(s) and/or Merchant websites, and (ii) the genuineness of any third party content. We do not in any way endorse any Merchant websites and third party website(s) or any content thereof.
All Transactions and/or reloads shall be effected using the services of an entity providing payment gateway/processor services ("PG"). Such PG may either be Zipcash or any of its affiliates or co-branding partners or unrelated third parties. You agree and undertake to share relevant Payment Details including credit/debit card details ("Card Details") with the PG for the successful completion of all Transactions/reloads and authorize the PG to complete such Transactions/reloads. In this respect, it is clarified that all PGs whose services are utilized for the purposes of the Site and/or Services shall be PCI-DSS (Payment Card Industry – Data Security Standard) compliant. Your authorization permits the PG to debit or credit the bank account associated with Your Payment Details. Your authorization further permits the PG to use Your Card Details for the processing of transactions initiated by You at the merchant sites of any of Zipcash’s affiliates. Your authorization will remain in effect as long as You maintain an Account with Us. In the event You delete Your Card Details with the PG or if You delete Your Account, the PG will not process any further transactions initiated by You at the Site and at the merchant sites of any of Zipcash’s affiliates. Your authorization under this clause is subject to any other terms and conditions of the PG.
The PGs may further make available to You, the option of auto debits from your bank account linked with the Account held with Zipcash for the purposes of cyclical payments for reloads to your Zipcash Payment Options. The availing of such services shall be subject to Your acceptance of the terms and conditions of such facility laid down by the concerned PG.
We welcome links to this Site. You may establish a hypertext link to the Site, provided that the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of Your site by Us or any other representation or warranty by Us. You must not use on Your site or in any other manner any trademarks, service marks or any other materials appearing on the Site, including any logos or characters, without Our prior written consent and the consent of the owner of the mark or materials. You must not frame or otherwise incorporate into another third party website, or present in conjunction with or juxtaposed against such a website, any of the content or other materials on the Site, without Our prior written consent.
Intellectual Property Protection
All trademarks, brands and service marks used in connection with the Site or the Services offered by Us are owned by Zipcash and/or its affiliates and/or its co- branding partners and are Zipcash’s and/or it’s affiliates and/or its co-branding partners property; Zipcash and/or ots affiliates and/or its co-branding partners own all copyrights and intellectual property rights and database rights in connection with the Services and the Site. Third party trademarks may appear on this Site and all rights therein are reserved to the registered owners of those trademarks. For use of any third party's intellectual property, You need to get permission directly from the owner of the intellectual property.
You agree to abide by Applicable Laws regarding copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret ownership and use of intellectual property, and You shall be solely responsible for any violations of any Applicable Laws and for any infringements of any intellectual property rights caused by use of the Site.
Zipcash is the sole and absolute owner of all the intellectual property rights in the trademark ‘Zipcash’, and any design in respect thereof. Further, Zipcash will be entitled to take any legal action against any person invading and/or encroaching upon the said rights of Zipcash.
Copyright Complaint
We respect the intellectual property of others. In case You feel that Your intellectual property has been copied/ used in a way that constitutes infringement of Your rights, You can write to Us at care@zipcash.in. Please specify Your contact details as well in such email to enable us to get in touch with You, if required, which must include Your postal address.
Please write to Us with sufficient proof evidencing Your ownership to such intellectual property. In case the claim is found to be false, We will have a right to terminate Your access to and use of the Site and the Services, as We deem fit.
Disclaimers
We shall make reasonable efforts to ensure that requests for electronic debits and credits involving bank accounts, credit cards, etc. are processed in a timely manner. However, We make no representations or warranties regarding the amount of time needed to complete such processing because our Service is largely dependent on many factors outside Our control.
Except for Our limited role in processing payments that You authorize or initiate, We are not involved in any underlying transaction between You, any other Customer, Merchant, bank or other third party. We are not a selling agent in relation to any sale of goods or services to You by any Merchant or any other third party.
We will always endeavour to provide the Services to You to the best of Our ability. You are however aware that the Services will involve transmissions over various networks and that it will change to conform and adapt to the technical and other requirements of connecting networks, devices and entities. Zipcash cannot take on any liability or responsibility for any loss, damage etc. arising as a result thereof.
Without limitation and without prejudice to the foregoing paragraphs, Zipcash shall not be liable for:
any defect or deficiency in any goods and services purchased by You or availed as a benefit, privilege or facility attached to the Service;
refusal by or inability of a Merchant to honour or accept the Zipcash Payment Options;
handing over of the relevant access control/password/PIN by You to any other person;
the quality, safety, reliability, legality, delivery or any other aspect of any goods or service that You may purchase using the Zipcash Payment Options.
Your use of the Service is at Your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. We disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including without limitation, any representation or warranty for accuracy, availability, continuity, uninterrupted access, timeliness, sequence, quality, performance, security, merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, non- infringement or completeness.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, We do not warrant that:
The Site will be available at all times and in all locations;
The information on the Site is complete, true and accurate;
The Site; the information, Content, materials, product (including software) or services available on, or otherwise made available to You through, the Site; the servers; or any electronic communication sent by Us, are free of viruses or other harmful components;
Nothing on the Site constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind.
We make no express or implied representations or warranties about Our Services or the Site, and We disclaim any implied warranties, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use or non- infringement. We do not authorize anyone to make a warranty on Our behalf and Youmust not rely on any statement of warranty made by any third party, claimed to be a warranty made by Us.
Zipcash and its representatives, officers, employees, agents and contractors shall not be liable for any loss, damage, claim, expense, cost (including legal costs) or liability arising directly or indirectly from Your use or non-use of the Service or the Site, or Your reliance upon the Service or the information contained in the Site, including any Content.
Where We publish or provide Content or advertisements as part of a Service, We do not warrant or represent that the Content or advertisements are suitable, accurate, complete, reliable, appropriate; neither do We endorse the Content or the advertisements; and You will obtain independent professional advice at Your own cost before You take any action based on such Content or advertisements.
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, third party advertisers found on or through the Site, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between You and such third party advertiser. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such third party advertisers on the Site.
When You acquire goods, software or any other services from a third party through any of our Services, You understand and agree that: (i) We are not a party to the contract between You and the third party; (ii) We are under no obligation to monitor the third party service used by You; (iii) the third party will be responsible for all obligations under the contract with You, including (without limitation) warranties or guarantees; (iv) You will evaluate the product, software or service and the applicable terms and conditions before acquiring the product, software or service. We shall take no liability as regards You availing any goods, software or services from a third party through any of our Services.All the services to be availed of and /or the goods to be purchased /procured by the Customer from the Merchants and/or third parties under these User Terms will be at his/her own risk and costs. Zipcash shall not be liable and/or responsible in respect of the title, quantity, quality or any other aspect related to the Merchant goods and/or services, and no guarantee, warranty or indemnity of any kind shall be given or deemed to be given by Zipcash in respect thereof.
Indemnity and Limitation of Liability
You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Zipcash and each of their affiliates(and their respective employees, directors, agents and representatives) from and against any and all claims, costs, losses, damages, judgments, penalties, interest and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of any Claim (as defined herein below) that arises out of or relates to the use or misuse of the Services or any violation of these User Terms.

You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Zipcash and each of their affiliates(and their respective employees, directors, agents and representatives) from and against any and all claims, costs, losses, damages, judgments, penalties, interest and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of any Claim (as defined herein below) that arises out of or relates to the use or misuse of the Services or any violation of these User Terms.

You are aware of all security risks, including possible third party interception of any of Your Transactions and statements of Account on the internet, and the contents of Your Transactions or statements of Account becoming known to third parties. You agree and undertake that You shall not hold Zipcash liable therefore in any way for claims arising out of or connected to any security risks. The use and storage of any information, including without limitation, the card number, PIN, password, account information, Transaction activity, Zipcash Payment Option balances and any other information available on Your internet access device or computer or mobile phone is at Your own risk and responsibility. Zipcash shall not be responsible for Claims as regards the information stored by You either on Your mobile device or on any computer device.
Where Zipcash acts in good faith in response to any oral or electronic instruction or inquiry from You, in respect of any matter in relation to Your Account, You will not be entitled to make any Claim or allege any loss, damage, liability, expense etc., attributable, directly or indirectly, to any such action taken on a good faith basis by Zipcash, and You agree to hold Zipcash harmless in respect thereof.
IN NO EVENT SHALL ZIPCASH BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN CONNECTION WITH THESE USER TERMS, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN INFORMED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL OUR TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, EXCEED INR 10,000/- (INDIAN RUPESS TEN THOUSAND ONLY).
Force Majeure
We shall not be liable for any failure to perform any obligations under these User Terms, if the performance is prevented, hindered or delayed by a Force Majeure Event (as defined hereinbelow) and in such case Our obligations shall stand suspended for so long as the Force Majeure Event continues. For the purpose of this clause "Force Majeure Event" shall mean any event arising due to any cause beyond the reasonable control of Zipcash, including, without limitation, unavailability of any communication system, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, government legislation, war or acts of government.
This arrangement between You and Zipcash shall stand automatically terminated in the event that the Force Majeure Event continues for a period of thirty (30) days’. You shall however be required to promptly make payment of all outstanding Charges to Zipcash.
Termination and Deactivation of Services
We reserve the right to terminate and/or suspend Services to You at any time without prior notice, due to any changes in Our internal policy or due to any requirements under the RBI Regulations or the Applicable Laws, or for any breach of these User Terms by You, or for any other reason whatsoever.
You can terminate Your arrangement with Zipcash under these User Terms by closing any Account created by You and which is associated with any of the Zipcash Payment Options, and by thereafter ceasing to access/ use the Site. You may close the Account by submitting a request to Us at care@zipcash.in. We will make every effort to respond to Your request for termination at the earliest. You will however remain responsible for all Transactions that occur prior to the termination of Your Zipcash coming into effect, which shall termination shall be notified to You by Zipcash. In case of such termination, all balances in Your Account shall stand forfeited, and no refund will be provided in compliance with the Applicable Laws. However in case of termination of Your Zipcash Wallet, We may provide You with an option for a Wallet to Bank Transfer in terms of Clause 5.I.o above.
If You violate any of these User Terms, Zipcash reserves the right to deactivate all Your registration, including Your Zipcash Wallet, and cancel any or all Zipcash Coupon balance or any other Zipcash Payment Option balance, without any notice or refund.
The remedies provided under these User Terms are in addition to any other remedy as maybe available to Zipcash, in law or in equity.
Notices and communication
Any notice or notification in relation to these User Terms which You wish to make to Us must be made in writing to:

Attn: Zipcash Card Services Private Limited
Address: 323, Corporate Centre, Nirmal Lifestyle, LBS Marg, Mulund W, Mumbai – 400080.
E-mail: care@zipcash.in

All Your communications with Us will be of a professional nature only. You will not contact Us to harass, intimidate or threaten any person, or to promote any cause, which You may support.
You will be subject to these User Terms and privacy policy provided hereunder.
Any notice given by Zipcash hereunder will be deemed to have been received by You within 24 hours of sending the same via e-mail or SMS at the e-mail address specified by You or Your registered mobile phone number. Zipcash shall not be held accountable for delays in receipt of notice.
In the event of any change in Your e-mail and/or registered address and/or telephone numbers, you shall inform Zipcash promptly in writing or by e-mail and must confirm the same by mail.
Customer Grievance Redressal Policy
If You are not satisfied with the quality of Service(s) offered or have any other complaints or grievance pertaining to the Services, please contact Us in the following ways:

Over phone: Customer care centre: Customers can call on 080-46656299available from 9am to 5 pm.

Over email: Send Us an email at care@zipcash.in

The escalation matrix for complaints shall be as follows:

Level – 1: You may email Our support executives at care@zipcash.in or call our customer care centre on 080-46656299.

Response Time: Seven Business Days from date of receipt of the email

Level – 2: You may write to our Grievance Officer, at the below address

Attn: Zipcash Card Services Private Limited
Address: 323, Corporate Centre, Nirmal Lifestyle, LBS Marg, Mulund W, Mumbai – 400080.
E-mail: care@zipcash.in

Response Time: Fifteen Business Days from date of receipt of the email

The Customer shall be kept informed of the progress of the redressal process and/or, the reasons for delay if any, in redressing.
Complaints received by e-mail shall be acknowledged by an immediate automated system generated response or via individual emails.
Governing law and dispute resolution
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these User Terms or the validity, interpretation, breach or termination thereof ("Dispute"), including claims seeking any redressal or asserting any rights under the Applicable Law shall be amicably settled through mutual consultation and escalation as provided in Clause 21 above. If the Dispute is not settled amicably as aforesaid between Zipcash’s representatives and You, within a period of 30 (Thirty) calendar days’, the matter would be referred to arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. Arbitration shall be presided over by a sole arbitrator mutually appointed by Zipcash and You. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in the English language. The venue and seat for the arbitration proceedings shall be Mumbai.
These User Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India and, subject to Clause 22.I, Zipcash and You agree and undertake that any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these User Terms will be adjudicated exclusively before a competent court in Mumbai, India only.
Any costs incurred by Zipcash towards enforcement of its rights and recovery shall be debited from Your Account/ recovered from You.
Waiver
Our failure, delay or omission to exercise or enforce any rights or provisions under these User Terms will not constitute a waiver of such rights or provisions. A waiver on any one occasion will not be construed as a bar or waiver of any rights or remedies on future occasions. Any claim in relation to the Services or these User Terms should be filed within 3 (Three) months’ from when the cause of action arose. Any claims filed beyond this time period shall be subject to limitation as prescribed under the Applicable Laws.
Severability
If any provision of these User Term’s should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and such provision will be deemed restated to reflect the original intention of the parties as nearly as possible in accordance with the Applicable Laws.
Revision of these User Terms
We reserve the right to change any of these User Terms or any policies or guidelines governing the Site or the Services, at any time and at Our sole discretion. Any changes will be effective upon posting of the revisions on the Site. You are required to check for updates, revisions and changes to these User Terms on the Site. The date of the last update to these User Terms will be reflected in these User Terms at the legend ‘Last Updated on’. By continuing usage of the Service after such posting/ publication, You are deemed to have agreed to the amendment/change/revision. If You do not agree with any amendment of these User Term’s, You may cancel the Service by terminating Your Account with Zipcash and informing Zipcash in writing about the same by sending an e-mail to care@zipcash.in. You must thereafter immediately discontinue accessing Our Site or using Our Services. We may also send You an automated e-mail to Your registered e-mail ID or a message to Your registered mobile number informing You about the changes made. As long as You comply with these User Terms, We grant You a personal, non-exclusive, non- transferable, limited privilege to access and use the Site.
Miscellaneous
You agree to comply with all Applicable Laws and RBI Regulations from time to time which govern or may be affected by Your use of the Service(s).
Zipcash may enter into any tie-up in terms of joint-venture, co-branding or otherwise with any other institution engaged in the business of providing services analogous and/or similar to those herein contained. In such case, depending upon the modality and the mechanism as may be devised, the Customer will be provided with the Services by the Service Provider jointly and/or severally with the party/ies in joint venture. The Customer hereby gives his/her irrevocable consent and permission to such a tie-up/ arrangement. In the event of such a tie-up, the User Terms herein contained will, mutatis mutandis, become applicable in respect of such tie-up arrangement also, unless otherwise modified as per the terms hereof.
You hereby agree that the application and copies of all documents submitted for the ongoing operation of the Zipcash Payment Options by You to Zipcash are and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Zipcash, and Zipcash shall not be obliged to return the same to You upon Your request or upon termination of Your Zipcash Account.
As Your Account is connected to Your mobile number, it is Your responsibility to inform Zipcash in case Your mobile number that corresponds to Your Account is no longer being used by You. Your Account corresponding to the mobile number You register with, can be accessed by You only till the time You have access to the corresponding mobile number. It is Your responsibility to transfer Your Account to a new mobile number if and when You change Your number. Not doing so may give the new user of the same mobile number (if any), access to Your Zipcash Payment Options balance, and Zipcash will not be liable or responsible for the same. You are also liable for ensuring the security of Your PIN/ password. In case of loss of Your mobile phone and/or Zipcash password/PIN, You should immediately intimate Zipcash in writing. Zipcash shall make every attempt to block access to Your Account/ Zipcash Payment Options under such circumstances; however, Zipcash shall not be liable for any losses a user may incur due to the above. The responsibility to safeguard the Zipcash Payment Options balance rests entirely with the Customer.
Ola Money Privacy Policy
General
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") addresses the privacy rights regarding the collection, use and protection of the information provided by the customers ("you", "your", "users") to Zipcash Card Services Private Limited ("Our", "Us", "We", "Zipcash") while registering Your account ("Account/Zipcash Wallet") at Our Site. You may register at Our website or such other websites and mobile applications as may be developed by Zipcash and/or Zipcash under a cobranding arrangement with an entity ("Site") from time to time. We have copyright over this Privacy Policy. Use by third parties, even by way of extract, for any purposes is not allowed. Infringements may be subject to legal action.

We value the trust You place in Zipcash Wallet and/or a Zipcash Wallet under a cobranding arrangement with an entity. We insist upon the highest standards for secure transactions and customer information privacy. Please read the following statement to learn about Our information gathering and dissemination practices.
By using Our Site, You impliedly agree that We can the collect, disclose, share and use Your information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy By visiting the Site, You agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
If You do not want Us to collect, disclose, share and use Your information, including but not limited to any Personal Information, You may terminate Your Account with Zipcash in accordance with the "Terms and Conditions of Service for Customers" available at the Site.
Information Collected
As a condition precedent to availing of Our services, You shall be required to register on Our Site. For the purpose of registration, We may require You to provide certain sensitive personal information, which includes all information that can be linked to a specific customer or to identify an individual as a customer ("Personal Information") . You may provide such Personal Information at your sole discretion, however in case You wish to avail Our services, it shall be mandatory for You to provide such Personal Information to Us. Personal Information may include the following:
Your full name, address, email address, telephone number, date of birth and any proof of Your identity and/or address that We may request for KYC purposes;
Details of Your bank account (including but not limited to, account holder, account name, account number, transaction authentication number "TAN"), as necessary by Us;
Details of the credit card or debit card or other card used by You for transactions including but not limited to debit/credit card number, expiry date and the CVV number;
The information as stated in 2.1.2 and 2.1.3 may be collected, used and processed by Us directly, or by a third party engaged by Us for the purpose of providing the payment gateway services on Our Site. Where any such information is collected, used and processed by a third party, You hereby consent to the transfer of the Personal Information to Us and Our affiliates.

Any details that may have been voluntarily provided by You on Our Site for availing Our services.
The information as stated in 2.1.2 and 2.1.3 may be collected, used and processed by Us directly, or by a third party engaged by Us for the purpose of providing the payment gateway services on Our Site.
In addition to the Personal Information, certain information may be collected from You at the time You visit the Site or during Your participation in any promotion sponsored by Us or any surveys that You complete through the Site or based on Our request. This data may include:
Information collected through "Cookies"; Please refer to Section 3.2 for more information on Cookies.
Details of Your visits to Our Site, including but not limited to, location data, web logs and other communication data, whether this is required for Our own purposes or otherwise, and the resources that You access whilst visiting Our Site.
IP address of Your server from where the Site is being accessed, the type of browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, Google Chrome etc.), the operating system of Your system, referring source which may have sent You to the Site;
The duration of Your stay on Our Site is also stored in the session along with the date and time of Your access;
The transactions that You either conduct with Us or with any third party through Our Site; and
Other information associated with the interaction of Your browser and the Site.
When You use the Site, Zipcash’s servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) may collect information directly or indirectly and automatically about Your activities on the Site by way of cookies, web beacons or web analytics. This anonymous information is maintained distinctly and is not linked to the Personal Information You submit to Zipcash and shall not be used to identify Your Account/ Zipcash Wallet.
Web beacons are graphic image files embedded in a web page that provides information from the user’s browser. This allows Us to monitor and ascertain the number of users of the Site, and other purposes as may be required by Us.
Web analytics are services provided by third parties in connection with a website. We may use such services to find usability problems in order to make the Site easier to use. These services do not collect information that has not been voluntarily provided by You. Accordingly, these services do not track Your browsing habits. The information shared through these services will not identify You or Your Account.
Any information that is freely available or accessible in public domain or furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005 or any law for the time being in force shall not be regarded as Personal Information within this Privacy Policy.
The Personal Information as aforesaid is essential to provide the services offered by Zipcash. You shall ensure that all the information, including but not limited to the Personal Information, provided by You to Us is true, correct, complete and genuine in all respects. You shall at all times have access to the information provided and shall ensure to amend/correct such information at the earliest through the use of the Site, if found to be inaccurate or deficient in its content. We shall not be responsible for the authenticity of the Personal Information provided by You to Us. In no event shall We be liable for any losses that You may incur due to the inaccurate or deficient information or Personal Information provided by You to Us.
Use of the Information
A "cookie" is a small piece of information stored by a web server on a web browser so it can be later read back from that browser. Cookies are useful for enabling the browser to remember information specific to a given user. We place both permanent and temporary cookies in Your computer's hard drive. These cookies do not contain any of Your personally identifiable information. You may choose to disable the Cookies using the settings in Your computer system. However, if You do so, You may not be able to use the full functionality of the Site.
Cookies may be used for the following purposes:

To customize Your experience on Our Site;
To obtain information regarding use of the Site and assess which pages You visit the most in order to provide You with goods/services that may be of interest to You;
To obtain information regarding Your IP address, location and other demographic information such as age range and gender in order to ascertain users internet behavior;
To assist in complying with regulatory obligations such as anti-fraud and anti-money laundering obligations.
To allow Us to provide You with personalized services by remembering the choices made by You with respect to language You prefer, geographical location where You are etc.
When You visit third party websites from Our Site, cookies embedded in such third party content may be downloaded onto Your device. We do not control such third party cookies and the same are governed by the terms and conditions of such third parties. Please read the terms and conditions governing such third party websites for more information on the same.
Retention of Data
After termination of Your Account/Zipcash Wallet with Us, We shall destroy all the data collected from You, except the records and the data pertaining to the transactions undertaken using Our services on the Site. Please note that under the applicable laws, We may be required to maintain record of these transactions with Us, including personal data such as Your name, contact details, customer number, transaction history etc. Subject to the above, We will delete all other Personal Information about You when Your Account/Zipcash Wallet is terminated. We will not retain Your TAN and/or password, credit card information.
Please note that We will not require You to disclose Your personal or security details vide email or other communication, except through the Site. If You receive any email/ phone call/ SMS or other communication requesting You to share Your personal/security/financial information, please do not respond to such requests, and delete such requests immediately. Please forward such requests to care@zipcash.in for notifying Us of the same, prior to deletion of such requests.
"Phishing" is an attempt to steal personal details and financial account details from a website user. Such "Phishers" use fake emails to lead users to counterfeit websites where the user is tricked into entering their personal details such as credit card numbers, passwords, PIN etc. Please abstain from providing Your details on such websites and immediately report such requests to Us at care@zipcash.in. We shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage etc. caused to You by responding to such emails and sharing information with third parties specified under Sections 4.2 and 4.3.
Disclosure of Information
We shall not be liable for disclosure of the Personal Information when done in accordance with this Privacy Policy or after otherwise obtaining Your prior permission or in terms of any other agreement with You in this regard.
By using the Site, You consent to the collection, transfer, use, storage and disclosure of Your information as described in this Privacy Policy, including to the transfer of Your information outside of Your country of residence. You hereby expressly authorize Us to share Your information. We may disclose Your information to Our employees, consultants, affiliates, agents, contractors, business partners, associates, subsidiaries, investors, merchants and other persons with whom We are required to share such information as per applicable laws and on a need to know basis. We may share information with third parties where You have expressed an interest in receiving information about their goods/services.
However We may disclose the personal data or any other information collected from You to any statutory, lawful enforcement body, regulatory body or court if We are under a duty to do so or required by law to disclose or share Your personal data or any other information collected from You.
We may further use Your information in an aggregate form to ascertain the usage of the Site, for development of marketing and strategic business plans etc. Please note, that in such use of information, no individual user shall be identified separately.
In order to protect Our financial interests and avoid money laundering or fraudulent activities, We may, if We deem necessary, share Your information, including Your Account details, financial and transactional history with banks, payment facilitator partners, identity verification service providers, and credit reference agencies and other agencies to identify and verify users and limit exposure to criminal activity and financial risk. When conducting the audit/checks, the relevant third parties may retain information regarding Our query and Your information and may share this information with other fraud prevention agencies.
In order to prevent money laundering activities and comply with applicable regulations, We may report suspicious transactions to law enforcement agencies. You hereby grant Us the right to share Your information with such law enforcement agencies in the event of any activity that may seem suspicious in Our sole discretion. In the event We notice any suspicious activity on the Site, We may, without prior intimation to You: (1) report such instance to the law enforcement agency and share all relevant information that may be required for investigation; (2) suspend Your Account during the period of investigation; and/or (3) block Your use of the Zipcash Wallet and/or a Zipcash Wallet under a cobranding arrangement with an entity.
Security
We strive to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of Your Personal Information and to protect Your Personal Information against unauthorized access or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction. We adopt adequate measures to prevent unauthorized access to Your Personal Information.
We reserve the right to conduct a security review at any time to verify Your identity. You agree to provide Us all the information that We request for the security review. If You fail to comply with any security request, We reserve the right terminate Your Account with Us and prohibit Your access to the Site.
We are not liable and cannot be held liable for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive Your Personal Information.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Privacy Policy or elsewhere, We shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage or misuse of Your Personal Information, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure Event (as defined below).
A "Force Majeure Event" shall mean any event that is beyond Our reasonable control and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorised access to computer data and storage device, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption, etc.

Link to Other Sites
Our Site may provide links to other sites. These links are provided for Your convenience only and the provision of these links does not mean that sites are related or associated with Us. Please note that these sites have their own terms of use and privacy policies. You should check their privacy policy before You submit Your Personal Information or any other data with them. We neither guarantee the content and the security of those sites, nor do we endorse using such sites.
We may have certain features on Our Site which may be hosted by third parties, Your interaction with such features shall be governed by the terms and privacy policy of such third parties as may be applicable.
We shall not be responsible for any loss, damage, claim or expense caused as a result of You accessing these third party sites and features.
User Discretion
You can always choose not to provide information and in such cases, if the information required is classified as mandatory, You may not be able to avail the services, or access the Site, feature or content either in part or in full.

Communications
We may contact You via the e-mail address and phone number as provided by You to Us. You may also receive system-generated transactional e-mails such as confirmations, notification of receipt of payments, notification of password changes etc.
You hereby expressly consent to receive communications from Us through Your registered phone number and/or e-mail id. You agree that any communication so received by You from Us will not amount to spam, unsolicited communication or a violation of Your registration on the national do not call registry.
Revision of the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time without prior notice to You, and Zipcash does not bear responsibility for updating You on the same. Any changes will be effective upon posting of the revisions on the Site.
Unless otherwise specified by Us, revised policy will take effect automatically and be binding on and from the day they are posted on the Site. By continuing to access and/or use the Site, You will be deemed to have agreed to accept and be bound by such revised policy. If You do not agree to the revised policy, You should discontinue accessing Our Site and terminate Your Account. Please go through the Privacy Policy from time to time to be informed about any changes that may have been made.
Grievances
We shall address Your grievances with respect to processing of information provided in relation to this Privacy Policy in a time bound manner. For this purpose, We hereby designate a grievance officer to redress to any of Your grievances in a timely manner and within 1 (One) month from the date of receipt of grievance.

Grievance Officer
Contact information: 080-46656299, care@zipcash.in

Governing law and dispute resolution
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India. All disputes in relation to the Privacy Policy will be adjudicated exclusively before a competent court in Bangalore, Karnataka only.

Ola Select Terms & Conditions
Last updated on 26th October, 2016
Ola Select is operated and provided to You by ANI Technologies Private Limited.

These terms and conditions ("User Terms") apply to Your visit to and use of the Ola Select feature on the Site whether through a computer or a mobile phone, as well as to all information, recommendations and or services provided to You on or through the Ola Select feature on the Site, the Service and the Application. This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules thereunder as applicable and the provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures. By clicking on the "I ACCEPT" button, You are consenting to be bound by these User Terms. PLEASE ENSURE THAT YOU READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL THESE USER TERMS BEFORE YOU USE OLA SELECT ON THE SITE. If You do not accept any of the User Terms, then please do not use Ola Select on the Site or avail any of the services being provided therein. YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE USER TERMS SHALL OPERATE AS A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND OLA IN RESPECT OF THE USE AND SERVICES OF OLA SELECT ON THE SITE.

DEFINITIONS
All of the defined and capitalized terms in these T&Cs will have the meaning assigned to them here below:

"Account" shall mean the account created by the Customer on the Application for availing the Services provided by Ola.
"Applicable Laws" shall mean and include all applicable statutes, enactments, acts of legislature or parliament, laws, ordinances, rules, by-laws, regulations, notifications, guidelines, policies, directions, directives and orders of any governmental authority, tribunal, or a court of India.
"Application" shall mean the mobile application "Ola" updated by Ola from time to time.
"City of Operation" shall mean a city in which the Customers and TPSPs avail and render the transportation services respectively. For clarity, the services rendered by the TPSPs and availed by the Customers shall be in the same city.
"Customer/ You" means a person who has an Account on the Application.
"Driver" shall mean and include such individuals as may be evaluated, appointed and trained by an operator associated with us or TFS to provide the transportation services and persons who own the Vehicles and who have necessary city taxi permits and licenses to provide transportation services within the City of Operation.
"E-Wallet" shall mean a pre-paid instrument, which can be used to make payments.
"Existing Customer" shall mean a Customer who has created an Ola Select Account under Ola Select Version 1, before 26th October,2016
"Force Majeure Event" shall mean any event arising due to any cause beyond the control of Ola.
"New Customer" shall mean a Customer who has newly created an Ola Select Account under Ola Select version 2 or any Existing Customer who renews the Ola Select Subscription on or after 26th October,2016
"Ola" or "us" shall mean ANI Technologies Private Limited, a company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 and having its corporate office at 4th Floor, Cherry Hills, Embassy Golf Links, Domlur, Bangalore-71, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include all its successors, affiliates and permitted assigns.
"Ola Select" shall mean the functionality available on the Site enabling access to Ola Select Services.
"Ola Select Version 1" shall mean the Ola Select subscription plan introduced by Ola on 20th June,2016 , which has the list of benefits available at https://help.olacabs.com/support/201031645/mainsection
"Ola Select Version 2" shall mean the Ola Select subscription plan introduced by Ola on 26th October,2016 which has the list of benefits available at https://help.olacabs.com/support/201031645/mainsection
"Ola Select Account" shall mean the account created for the Customer by Ola subject to Clause 3.
"Ola Select Services" shall mean additional benefits and/or services granted to Ola Select Account holders in terms of Clause 5.
"Registration Data" shall mean and may include the present, valid, true and accurate name, email ID, phone number and such other information as may be required by Ola from the Customer from time to time for registration on the Application.
"Service(s)"means the facilitation of transportation service by Ola through the Application or via a telephone request at the call centre of Ola, or booking on the Site, within the City of Operation, as elaborated in Clause 4.1.
"Site" shall mean the Application and the website operated by Ola or any other software that enables the use of the Application or such other URL as may be specifically provided by Ola.
"Subscription Fee" shall mean the fee payable by Customers to Ola for creation of an Ola Select Account and accessing Ola Select Services during the Subscription Term.
"T&Cs" and "User Terms" shall mean these Customer terms and conditions.
"TPSP" shall mean a Driver and/or an operator associated with us or TFS, offering the service of transporting Customers within the City of Operation as requested by the Customer on the Application.
"Vehicle" shall mean a motorcar or motor cab as defined under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988.
ELIGIBILITY
You will be "Eligible" to use Ola Select only when You fulfil all of the following conditions:

You have attained at least 18 (eighteen) years of age.
You are competent to enter into a contract under the Applicable Laws. If You reside in a jurisdiction that restricts the use of Ola Select because of age, or restricts the ability to enter into contracts such as this User Terms due to age, You must abide by such age limits.
REGISTRATION AND OLA SELECT ACCOUNT
You understand and acknowledge that You can register for Ola Select and create an Ola Select Account only after providing Registration Data and creating an Account and paying the Subscription Fee. The Subscription Fee may be waived for You at the sole and absolute discretion of Ola.
Subject to Your compliance with these User Terms, Ola grants You a limited nonexclusive, non-transferable license to use Ola Select solely for Your own personal use.
You shall be liable for all activities and transactions that occur through Your Ola Select Account, whether initiated by You or any third party. Your Ola Select Account can not be transferred, assigned or sold to a third party. We shall not be liable for any loss that You may incur as a result of someone else using Your Ola Select Account, either with or without Your knowledge.
You hereby represent that you are not registered with the National Do Not Call Registry, and expressly consent to receive communications including promotional content from Us through Your registered phone number and/or e-mail id.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate Your Ola Select Account with immediate effect and for an indefinite period, if We have a reason to believe that the Registration Data or any other data provided by You is incorrect or false, or that the security of Your Ola Select Account has been compromised in any way, or for any other reason We may find just or equitable.
Except for the Registration Data or any other data submitted by You during the use of Ola Select through Site ("Permitted Information"), Ola does not want You to, and You should not, send any confidential or proprietary information to Ola on the Site or otherwise, unless otherwise is required by Applicable Laws. In accepting these User Terms You agree that any information or materials that You or individuals acting on Your behalf provide to Ola other than the Permitted Information will not be considered confidential or proprietary. Ola will use the Permitted Information in accordance with the Privacy Policy posted on the Site.
In case, You are unable to access Your Ola Select Account, please inform Us at support@olacabs.com and make a written request for blocking Your Ola Select Account. We will not be liable for any unauthorized transactions made through Your Ola Select Account prior to the expiry of 72 (seventy two) hours after You have made a request in writing for blocking Your Ola Select Account, and shall not have any liability in case of Force Majeure Event.
SERVICES
Ola offers information and a means to obtain transportation services offered by the TPSP, which may be requested through phone, via call centre, Site, the use of Application or through any other channel made available by Ola for ‘booking’ purposes. . All services provided by Ola to You by means of Your use of the booking channel, for booking purposes, are hereinafter referred to as the "Service". The Service allows You to send a request through Ola to a TPSP on the Ola network. The TPSP has sole and complete discretion to accept or reject each request for Service. If the TPSP accepts a request, Ola, notifies You and provides information regarding the TPSP - including Driver name, Vehicle license number, and telephone contact details of the TPSP. Ola shall procure reasonable efforts to bring You into contact with a TPSP in order to obtain transportation service, subject to the availability of TPSP in or around Your location at the moment of Your request for such services.

OLA SELECT SERVICES
The creation of an Ola Select Account shall make You eligible for benefits and/or services from Ola in furtherance of the enhancement of Your experience of the Service/(s).
The benefits and/or services of Ola Select version 1 and version 2 shall include without limitation airport lounge access, priority customer support amongst others. The full list and conditions of benefits and/or services of Ola Select version 1 are available at https://help.olacabs.com/support/201031645/mainsection and of Ola Select version 2 are available at https://help.olacabs.com/support/201031645/mainsection which is subject to these User Terms. Ola may at its sole discretion determine the benefits and/or services available to You.
When an Existing Customer renews his Ola subscription to Ola Select Version 1, he will be subscribing to Ola Select Version 2 only, and shall be entitled only to the benefits provided by Ola under Ola Select Version 2. To clarify, such a customer will not continue to get any benefit which was part of Ola Select Version 1.
The benefits and/or services may be provided to You by third party service providers. Ola shall not be liable for the services of third party service providers or any part thereof or the availability of such services or any act or omission of third party service providers.
PAYMENT
Subject to clause 3.1, an Ola Select Account may be created only after payment of the Subscription Fee. The Subscription Fee shall be payable using the E-wallet available on the App.
The usage of the E-wallet shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the third party payment processor providing the E-wallet service on the App.
Any payment related issue, except when such issue is due to an error or fault in the Site or Application, shall be resolved between You and the payment processor.
Ola shall not be responsible for any unauthorized use of Your E-Wallet.
The Subscription Fee may be payable by You at Your option for a period of 1 (one) month or 2 (two) months or 3 (three) months or for such term as may be available on the Site ("Subscription Term").
The Subscription Fee may be refunded to You at Your request within 7 (seven) days from the initiation of such request by You. Only one refund request may be raised in a calendar month.
CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT
All issues, opinions, suggestions, questions and feedback while availing Ola Select Services may be communicated to us through email address mentioned on the Site or Application. Ola shall endeavor to respond to Your issues within 7 (seven) working days of Your reporting the same and endeavor to resolve it at the earliest. It is hereby clarified that issues are resolved on severity basis, and certain issues may be resolved earlier than the others. However, Ola shall not be liable for any damages or losses in the event You are not satisfied with any such resolution.

FORCE MAJEURE
We shall not be liable for any failure to perform any obligations under this User Terms, if the performance is prevented, hindered or delayed by a Force Majeure Event and in such case our obligations under this User Terms shall be suspended for so long as the Force Majeure Event continues.

INDEMNIFICATION
By accepting these User Terms and using the Service, You agree that You shall defend, indemnify and hold Ola, its affiliates, its licensors, and each of its officers, directors, other users, employees, attorneys and agents harmless from and against any and all claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of or in connection with: (a) Your violation or breach of any term of these User Terms or any Applicable Law or regulation, whether or not referenced herein; (b) Your violation of any rights of any third party, or (c) Your use or misuse of the Ola Select Service/(s).

LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL OLA BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF OLA OR ANY OF OLA’S SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.
IN ADDITION, AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL OLA’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS TERMS OF USE OR THE SERVICES RENDERED HEREUNDER, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR OTHER THEORY), WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF Rs. 5000/- (Rupees Five Thousand only).
If Applicable Law does not permit the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages or death or personal injury, the scope and duration of such warranty exclusions and the extent of the liability of Ola shall be the minimum permitted under Applicable Law.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERSHIP
Ola alone (and its licensors, where applicable) shall own all right, title and interest, including all related intellectual property rights, in and to
Ola Select, Ola Select Services and any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback, recommendations;
text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork and computer code; or
other information provided by You or any other party relating to the Ola Select and Ola Select Services.
Third party trademarks may appear on Ola Select/Site/ Application and all rights therein are reserved to the registered owners of those trademarks. For use of any third party's intellectual property, You need to get permission directly from the owner of the intellectual property for any use.

These User Terms do not constitute a sale and do not convey to You any rights of ownership in or related to Ola Select or Ola Select Service or any intellectual property rights owned by Ola. You shall be solely responsible for any violations of any laws and for any infringements of any intellectual property rights caused by use of the Ola Select Services.
You may use information on Ola Select purposely made available by Us for downloading from Ola Select, provided that You:
do not remove any proprietary notice language in all copies of such documents and make no modifications to the information;
use such information only for Your personal, non-commercial informational purpose and do not copy or post such information on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media; or
do not make any additional representations or warranties relating to such information.
TERM AND TERMINATION
The agreement between Ola and You is for the Subscription Term and/or as long as the Ola Select Services are available to You ("Term").
The agreement between Ola and You (these User Terms) may not be terminated by You during the Subscription Term.
Ola is entitled to terminate the agreement at all times and with immediate effect (by disabling Your use of Ola Select, the Site and the Service/Ola Select Service) if You: (a) violate or breach any term of these User Terms, or (b) in the opinion of Ola, misuse the Application or the Ola Select Service.
Termination of this agreement will not prejudice accrued rights of either Ola or You.
Clauses onIndemnification, Liability, Intellectual Property Ownership, Term and Termination, Notice and Applicable Law and Dispute Resolutionshall survive the expiry/termination of these User Terms in accordance with their terms.
INVALIDITY OF ONE OR MORE PROVISIONS
The invalidity of any term of these User Terms shall not affect the validity of the other provisions of these User Terms. If and to the extent that any provision of these User Terms is invalid, or is unacceptable in the given circumstances, a provision shall apply between the parties instead that is acceptable considering all the circumstances, taking into account the content and the purpose of these User Terms.

CONFLICT
In the event of any contradiction or inconsistency between this User Terms and any other agreement executed between You and Ola, the terms of the User Terms shall prevail unless the exception has been expressly agreed to in writing by making reference to the relevant Clause sought to be modified under this User Terms.

DISCLAIMER
Ola and its representatives, officers, employees, agents and contractors shall not be liable for any loss, damage, claim, expense, cost (including legal costs) or liability arising directly or indirectly from Your use or non-use of the Ola Select Service, or Your reliance upon the Ola Select Service or the information contained upon Ola Select or the Site (whether arising from Ola or any other person's negligence or otherwise).
Ola and its representatives, officers, employees, agents and contractors shall not be liable for any loss, damage, claim, expense, cost (including legal costs) or liability arising directly or indirectly from the services provided by third party service providers.
Ola Select, the Site, Application and all content on Ola Select, the Site and the Application are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. You acknowledge, by Your access of Ola Select, the Site and/or Application, that Your access of Ola Select, the Site and/or Application and availing of Ola Select Services is at Your sole risk, that You assume full responsibility for Your access and use of Ola Select, the Site and/or Application, and that Ola shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to Your access and use of Ola Select, the Site and/or Application.
All images, audio, video and text in Ola Select, the Site and/or Application are only for illustrative purposes. None of the models, actors or products in the images, if any is endorsing the Ola Select Services in any manner. Any resemblance of any matter to anybody or anything is purely unintentional and/or coincidental.
MODIFICATION OF THE SERVICE AND USER TERMS
Ola reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any or a;; of these User Terms. Your continuous use of Ola Select after such modification or replacement shall be deemed to be acceptance of the revised terms by You.

NOTICE
Ola may give notice by means of a general notice on the Application, or by electronic mail to Your email address or a message on Your registered mobile number, or by written communication sent by regular mail to Your address on record in Ola’s account information.
You may contact Ola by electronic mail at Our email address support@olacabs.com and by written communication sent by regular mail to Our address at
ANI Technologies Private Limited
Regent Insignia,
#414, 3rd Floor, 4th Block,
17th Main, 100 Feet Road Koramangala,
Bangalore - 560034
Ph no - 080-67350900
Fax no - 080-67350904
ASSIGNMENT
You may not assign Your rights under these User Terms without prior written approval of Ola. Ola can assign its rights under the User Terms to any affiliate.

APPLICABLE LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
These User Terms are subject to the laws of India. Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these User Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Site, the Service or the Application (collectively,"Disputes") will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts in Bangalore, India.

Ola Credit Terms & Conditions
Last updated on 15th June, 2016
Ola Credit is operated and provided to You by ANI Technologies Private Limited.

These terms and conditions ("User Terms") apply to your visit to and use of the Ola Credit feature on the Site whether through a computer or a mobile phone, as well as to all information, recommendations and or services provided to You on or through the Ola Credit feature on the Site, the Service and the Application. This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules thereunder as applicable and the provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures. By clicking on the "I ACCEPT" button, You are consenting to be bound by these User Terms. PLEASE ENSURE THAT YOU READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL THESE USER TERMS BEFORE YOU USE OLA CREDIT ON THE SITE. If You do not accept any of the User Terms, then please do not use Ola Credit on the Site or avail any of the services being provided therein. YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE USER TERMS SHALL OPERATE AS A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND OLA IN RESPECT OF THE USE AND SERVICES OF OLA credit ON THE SITE.

DEFINITIONS
All of the defined and capitalized terms in these T&Cs will have the meaning assigned to them here below:

"Account" shall mean the account created by the Customer on the Application for availing the Services provided by Ola.
"Applicable Laws" shall mean and include all applicable statutes, enactments, acts of legislature or parliament, laws, ordinances, rules, by-laws, regulations, notifications, guidelines, policies, directions, directives and orders of any governmental authority, tribunal, or a court of India.
"Application" shall mean the mobile application "Ola" updated by Ola from time to time.
"App Fee" shall mean the fee payable by the Customer to Ola for availing the technology services offered by Ola. App Fee shall be chargeable on every booking made through the Application.
"City of Operation" shall mean a city in which the Customers and TPSPs avail and render the transportation services respectively. For clarity, the services rendered by the TPSPs and availed by the Customers shall be in the same city.
"Customer/ You" means a person who has an Account on the Application.
"Driver" shall mean and include such individuals as may be evaluated, appointed and trained by an operator associated with us or TFS to provide the transportation services and persons who own the Vehicles and who have necessary city taxi permits and licenses to provide transportation services within the City of Operation.
"E-Wallet" shall mean a pre-paid payment instrument, which can be used to make payments.
"Fare" shall mean such amount in Indian Rupees, which is reflected on the Application, as the fare payable for the specific Ride performed by a TPSP.
"Force Majeure Event" shall mean any event arising due to any cause beyond the control of Ola.
"Ola" or "us" or "we" shall mean ANI Technologies Private Limited, a company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 and having its corporate office at 4th Floor, Cherry Hills, Embassy Golf Links, Domlur, Bangalore- 71, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include all its successors, affiliates and permitted assigns.
"Ola Credit" shall mean the functionality available on the Application enabling access to Ola Credit Services.
"Ola Credit Account" shall mean the account created for the Customer by Ola subject to Clause 3.
"Ola Credit Services" shall mean credit facilities granted to the Customer by Ola for the Services in terms of Clause 5.
"Registration Data" shall mean and may include the present, valid, true and accurate name, email ID, phone number and such other information as may be required by Ola from the Customer from time to time for registration on the Application.
"Ride" shall mean the travel in the Vehicle by the Customer facilitated through the Site. The Ride may be shared with other passengers, if You chose any of the pooled or shared features available on the Site.
"Service(s)" means the facilitation of transportation service by Ola through the Application or via a telephone request at the call centre of Ola, or booking on the Site, within the City of Operation, as elaborated in Clause 4.1.
"Service Fee" shall mean and include the Fare and the App Fee.
"Site" shall mean the Application and the website operated by Ola or any other software that enables the use of the Application or such other URL as may be specifically provided by Ola.
"T&Cs" and "User Terms" shall mean these Customer terms and conditions.
"TFS" shall mean Serendipity InfoLabs Private Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act 1956, and having its corporate office at 3rd Floor, Salarpuria Tower 2, No. 32, Luskur Hosur Road, Next to Forum Mall, Bangalore- 560095 which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include all our successors, affiliates and permitted assigns.
"TPSP" shall mean a Driver and/or an operator associated with us or TFS, offering the service of transporting Customers within the City of Operation as requested by the Customer on the Application.
"Vehicle" shall mean a motorcar or motor cab as defined under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988.
ELIGIBILITY
You will be "Eligible" to use Ola Credit only when You fulfil all of the following conditions:

You have attained at least 18 (eighteen) years of age.
You are competent to enter into a contract under the Applicable Laws.
If You reside in a jurisdiction that restricts the use of Ola Credit because of age, or restricts the ability to enter into contracts such as this User Terms due to age, You must abide by such age limits.

REGISTRATION AND OLA CREDIT ACCOUNT
You understand and acknowledge that You can register for Ola Credit and create an Ola Credit Account only after providing Registration Data. You further understand and acknowledge that the option to register for Ola Credit may be granted to You at Ola’s sole discretion.
Subject to Your compliance with these User Terms, Ola grants You a limited non- exclusive, non-transferable license to use Ola Credit solely for Your own personal use.
You shall be liable for all activities and transactions that occur through Your Ola Credit Account, whether initiated by You or any third party. Your Ola Credit Account cannot be transferred, assigned or sold to a third party. We shall not be liable for any loss that You may incur as a result of someone else using Your Ola Credit Account, either with or without Your knowledge.
You hereby represent that you are not registered with the National Do Not Call Registry, and expressly consent to receive communications including promotional content from Us through Your registered phone number and/or e-mail id.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate Your Ola Credit Account with immediate effect and for an indefinite period, if We have a reason to believe that the Registration Data or any other data provided by You is incorrect or false, or that the security of Your Ola Credit Account has been compromised in any way, or for any other reason We may deem fit.
Except for the Registration Data or any other data submitted by You during the use of Ola Credit through Site ("Permitted Information"), Ola does not want You to, and You should not, send any confidential or proprietary information to Ola on the Site or otherwise, unless otherwise is required by Applicable Laws. In accepting these User Terms You agree that any information or materials that You or individuals acting on Your behalf provide to Ola other than the Permitted Information will not be considered confidential or proprietary. You hereby grant to Ola the right to collect, process, use, share and protect Your Permitted Information in accordance with the Privacy Policy posted on the Site.
In case You are unable to access Your Ola Credit Account, please inform Us at support@olacabs.com and make a written request for blocking Your Ola Credit Account. Ola shall not be liable for any transactions undertaken in relation to Your Ola Credit Account wherein any Credit Amount may have been generated without your knowledge/ consent. We will not be liable for any unauthorized transactions made through Your Ola Credit Account prior to the expiry of 72 (seventy two) hours after You have made a request in writing for blocking Your Ola Credit Account, and shall not have any liability in case of Force Majeure Event.
SERVICES
Ola offers information and a means to obtain transportation services offered by the TPSP, which may be requested through phone, via call centre, Site, the use of Application or through any other channel made available by Ola for ‘booking’ purposes. Ola Site also permits booking of transportation services offered by TFS. All services provided by Ola to You by means of Your use of the booking channel, for booking purposes, are hereinafter referred to as the "Service". The Service allows You to send a request through Ola to a TPSP on the Ola network. The TPSP has sole and complete discretion to accept or reject each request for Service. If the TPSP accepts a request, Ola or TFS (where any taxi services of TFS are availed on the Site), notifies You and provides information regarding the TPSP - including Driver name, Vehicle license number, and telephone contact details of the TPSP. Ola shall procure reasonable efforts to bring You into contact with a TPSP in order to obtain transportation service, subject to the availability of TPSP in or around Your location at the moment of Your request for such services.
You are under an obligation to pay the TPSP, Fare for the transportation service, and pay Ola the App Fee for the technology service provided by Ola. The Fare and the App Fee shall together be called the Service Fee.
OLA CREDIT SERVICES
You shall be granted a new mode of payment called ‘Ola Credit’ for the payment of the Service Fee in addition to the existing modes of payment on the Application.
Cash payment: Cash payment towards the Fare and the App Fee after the completion of Ride can be made to the Driver. You are responsible for the timely payment of the Service Fee and additional charges (if any; e.g. tolls etc.), in cash to the Driver.
E-wallet payment: Payment of the Service Fee (and additional charges if any, such as toll charges, surcharge etc.) can be made to Ola through a prepaid payment instrument available for payment on the Site. Ola offers You the facility of making payments through prepaid payment instruments owned and operated by third party payment processors ("Payment Processor"). The processing of payments in connection with Your use of the E-Wallet will be subject to the terms, conditions, and privacy policies of the Payment Processor that Ola engages for the purpose. Ola will not be responsible for any errors by the Payment Processor in any manner.
Ola Credit Payment: Payment for the Service Fee (and additional charges if any, such as toll charges, surcharge etc.) can be made to Ola on credit subject to the terms provided below.
Ola Credit payment mode shall enable You to pay and settle the Service Fee for the Ride and the technology services on credit and at a later point in time instead of immediate payments at the completion of the Ride. The Service Fee shall be due to Ola until the payments are made.
You shall have a credit limit of Rs. 1500/- (Rupees One Thousand and Five Hundred Only) or such other amount as may be determined by Ola ("Credit Limit"), at the breach of which You shall not be allowed to avail further credit facilities from Ola, and Your access to Ola Credit Services may be suspended/ terminated by Ola at its discretion.
The payment for all amounts due ("Credit Amount") under the Ola Credit payment mode shall be made only through the E-wallet payment mode. Such Credit Amount shall be paid by You within a period of 7 (seven) days from the date and time on which the first Ride was taken using the Ola Credit Service. This credit period of 7 (seven) days shall be reset every time You clear your dues towards the Credit Amount.
In the event You have sufficient balance in Your E-Wallet, the Service Fee payable at the end of a Ride shall be deducted from Your E-Wallet account.
In the event You have an active Ola Credit Account, and there is insufficient balance in Your E-Wallet, the Service Fee payable at the end of the Ride shall be reflected as amount due and payable by You.
In the event You have an active Ola Credit Account, and there is insufficient balance in Your E-Wallet, and the Ola Credit Account has reached it’s Credit Limit, You shall have to settle the transaction in Cash in terms of Clause 5.1 (i).
Ola shall, at all times, have the right to refuse provision of Service to you in case you have reached the Credit Limit.
Any payment related issue on the E-Wallet payment mode, except when such issue is due to an error or fault in the Site or Application, shall be resolved between You and the Payment Processor. Ola shall not be responsible for any unauthorized use of Your E-Wallet during or after availing the Services on the Site/ Application.
Ola will generate the invoice for the App Fee and the invoice for the Fare on behalf of the Driver servicing Your request, both of which will be sent across to Your registered e-mail. Please note that the charges mentioned in the invoices are exclusive of the additional charges (if any).
You understand that the Services provided to You shall be governed by these User Terms and any other applicable terms and conditions governing the concerned service ("Customer T&Cs").
The Ola Credit Services shall be available only for use of Ola Cab and Ola Share functionalities on the Site, and are not available for any other services/ functionalities offered on the Site.
In the event that You fail to make the payments of Credit Amounts as per the terms of these User Terms, Ola retains the right to make a claim for any such Credit Amounts(s) due and payable by You to Ola from any balances that may be available in Your E-Wallet account or any other payment instrument operated by any Payment Processor. You hereby authorise Ola to make a claim with any Payment Processor, for such Credit Amounts due and payable to Ola in terms of these User Terms as and when You recharge/ reload Your E-Wallet. In addition to this, Ola also retains the right to charge any additional amounts in case of any delay in payments due to Ola.
CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT
All issues, opinions, suggestions, questions and feedback while availing Ola Credit Services may be communicated to us through the following email address support@olacabs.com . Ola shall endeavor to respond to Your issues within 7 (seven) working days of Your reporting the same and endeavor to resolve it at the earliest. It is hereby clarified that issues are resolved on severity basis, and certain issues may be resolved earlier than the others. However, Ola shall not be liable for any damages or losses in the event You are not satisfied with any such resolution.

FORCE MAJEURE
We shall not be liable for any failure to perform any obligations under this User Terms, if the performance is prevented, hindered or delayed by a Force Majeure Event and in such case our obligations under this User Terms shall be suspended for so long as the Force Majeure Event continues.

INDEMNIFICATION
By accepting these User Terms and using the Service, You agree that You shall defend, indemnify and hold Ola, its affiliates, its licensors, and each of its officers, directors, other users, employees, attorneys and agents harmless from and against any and all claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of or in connection with: (a) Your violation or breach of any term of these User Terms or any Applicable Law or regulation, whether or not referenced herein; (b) Your violation of any rights of any third party, or (c) Your use or misuse of the Ola Credit Service/(s).

LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL OLA BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF OLA OR ANY OF OLA’S SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.
IN ADDITION, AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL OLA’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS TERMS OF USE OR THE SERVICES RENDERED HEREUNDER, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR OTHER THEORY), WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF Rs. 5000/- (Rupees Five Thousand only).
If Applicable Law does not permit the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages or death or personal injury, the scope and duration of such warranty exclusions and the extent of the liability of Ola shall be the minimum permitted under Applicable Law.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERSHIP
Ola alone (and its licensors, where applicable) shall own all right, title and interest,including all related intellectual property rights, in and to
Ola Credit, Ola Credit Services and any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback, recommendations;
text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork and computer code; or
other information provided by You or any other party relating to the Ola Credit and Ola Credit Services.
Third party trademarks may appear on Ola Credit/Site/ Application and all rights therein are reserved to the registered owners of those trademarks. For use of any third party's intellectual property, You need to get permission directly from the owner of the intellectual property for any use.
These User Terms do not constitute a sale and do not convey to You any rights of ownership in or related to Ola Credit or Ola Credit Service or any intellectual property rights owned by Ola. You shall be solely responsible for any violations of any laws and for any infringements of any intellectual property rights caused by use of the Ola Credit Services.
You may use information on Ola Credit purposely made available by Us for downloading from Ola Credit, provided that You:
do not remove any proprietary notice language in all copies of such documents and make no modifications to the information;
use such information only for Your personal, non-commercial informational purpose and do not copy or post such information on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media; or
do not make any additional representations or warranties relating to such information.
TERM AND TERMINATION
The agreement between Ola and You shall be in force from the date on which You accept these User Terms, until such time that the arrangement between Ola and You is terminated as per the terms hereunder ("Term").
The agreement between Ola and You (these User Terms) may be terminated by You by notifying Ola at support@olacabs.com . The arrangement will stand terminated after a period of 7 days of acknowledgement by Ola of the receipt of such request from You.
Ola is entitled to terminate the agreement at all times and with immediate effect (by disabling Your use of Ola Credit, the Site/ Application and the Service/Ola Credit Service) if You: (a) violate or breach any term of these User Terms, or (b) in the opinion of Ola, misuse the Application or the Ola Credit Service; or (c) for any other reason as deemed fit by Ola.
Termination of this agreement will not prejudice accrued rights of either Ola or You.
Clauses on Indemnification, Liability, Intellectual Property Ownership, Term and Termination, Notice and Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution shall survive the expiry/termination of these User Terms in accordance with their terms.
INVALIDITY OF ONE OR MORE PROVISIONS
The invalidity of any term of these User Terms shall not affect the validity of the other provisions of these User Terms. If and to the extent that any provision of these User Terms is invalid, or is unacceptable in the given circumstances, a provision shall apply between the parties instead that is acceptable considering all the circumstances, taking into account the content and the purpose of these User Terms.

CONFLICT
In the event of any contradiction or inconsistency between this User Terms and any other Customer T&Cs, the terms of the User Terms shall prevail unless the exception has been expressly agreed to in writing by making reference to the relevant Clause sought to be modified under this User Terms.

DISCLAIMER
Ola and its representatives, officers, employees, agents and contractors shall not be liable for any loss, damage, claim, expense, cost (including legal costs) or liability arising directly or indirectly from Your use or non-use of the Ola Credit Service, or Your reliance upon the Ola Credit Service or the information contained upon Ola Credit or the Site/ Application (whether arising from Ola or any other person's negligence or otherwise).
Ola and its representatives, officers, employees, agents and contractors shall not be liable for any loss, damage, claim, expense, cost (including legal costs) or liability arising directly or indirectly from the services provided by third party service providers.
Ola Credit, the Site, Application and all content on Ola Credit, the Site and the Application are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. You acknowledge, by Your access of Ola Credit, the Site and/or Application, that Your access of Ola Credit, the Site and/or Application and availing of Ola Credit Services is at Your sole risk, that You assume full responsibility for Your access and use of Ola Credit, the Site and/or Application, and that Ola shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to Your access and use of Ola Credit, the Site and/or Application.
All images, audio, video and text in Ola Credit, the Site and/or Application are only for illustrative purposes. None of the models, actors or products in the images, if any is endorsing the Ola Credit Services in any manner. Any resemblance of any matter to anybody or anything is purely unintentional and/or coincidental.
MODIFICATION OF THE SERVICE AND USER TERMS
Ola reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any or all of these User Terms. Your continuous use of Ola Credit after such modification or replacement shall be deemed to be acceptance of the revised terms by You.

NOTICE
Ola may give notice by means of a general notice on the Application, or by electronic mail to Your email address or a message on Your registered mobile number, or by written communication sent by regular mail to Your address on record in Ola’s account information.
You may contact Ola by electronic mail at Our email address support@olacabs.com and by written communication sent by regular mail to Our address at
ANI Technologies Private Limited
Regent Insignia,
#414, 3rd Floor, 4th Block,
17th Main, 100 Feet Road Koramangala,
Bangalore - 560034
Ph no - 080-67350900
Fax no - 080-67350904
ASSIGNMENT
You may not assign Your rights under these User Terms without prior written approval of Ola. Ola can assign its rights under the User Terms to any third party.

APPLICABLE LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
These User Terms are subject to the laws of India. Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these User Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Site, the Service or the Application (collectively, "Disputes") the parties shall attempt to settle the same amicably, through negotiation and consultation at such offices of Ola as Ola may designate. In the event the dispute is not resolved internally between after at least 30 (thirty) days of negotiation, in good faith, the same shall be subject to binding and final arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 as amended from time to time or in case the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 is no longer in force, as per any law relating to arbitration in force at the time of such reference. The reference shall be made to a sole arbitrator mutually appointed by Ola and You. The place of the arbitration shall be Bengaluru, Karnataka, unless otherwise mutually agreed by Ola and You in writing. Subject to the above, any Dispute will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts in Bangalore, India.

Offers Terms & Conditions
These general terms & conditions of offer ("General Offer Terms") shall constitute a legally binding and enforceable contract between the Customer availing the Offer ("Customer(s)/ You/ Your") and ANI Technologies Private Limited ("OLA"). You are not bound in any way to participate in the Offer. By availing the Offer, You unequivocally accept to be bound by the terms set out below. The participation is voluntary and any purchase or transaction on the OLA Platform shall be deemed as acceptance of the terms and conditions mentioned herein. These General Offer Terms along with any other offer specific terms as may be issued by OLA from time to time shall constitute the entire understanding between OLA and You and these General Offer Terms shall supersede any other offer specific terms in the event of conflict unless such offer specific terms expressly supersede these General Offer Terms.

The offer is valid ONLY on OLA Mobile Application and can be availed on cab Services and shall not be applicable to the black and yellow taxi (Kaali Peeli), Taxi for Sure cabs unless expressly communicated by OLA otherwise.
The taxi/cabs services ("Services") provided by third parties on the OLA mobile application ("OLA Platform") shall be the responsibility of the third party providing the Services and all claims shall be against that third party ("Service Provider") providing the service to which the offer applies.
Offers shall not be clubbed with other Offers as a matter of OLA’s policy.
You shall become ineligible to participate in this Offer if You are barred from using services of OLA during Offer Period. OLA reserves the right to disqualify any Customer from the benefits of the Campaign/Offer, if any fraudulent activity is identified as being carried out by the Customer for the purpose of availing the benefits under the Campaign/Offer or otherwise by use of the service.
OLA disclaims all warranties, conditions or statements, whether express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, the implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, quality and / or fitness for the products or services included in this Offer, the Services or for any other purpose.
Limitations:
Pictures of products shown in the communication sent to the Customer either through mailers or advertised on OLA website, are for representation purposes only and may not bear a resemblance to the actual Services provided by the relevant Service Provider. OLA shall under no circumstances be responsible towards the same.
Services offered under this program are subject to availability from the respective Service Provider in relevant geographical location and in no circumstances OLA shall be liable for non-availability of any of the Services.
Under no circumstance will the Offer/Discount being offered under this Program be settled or exchanged in cash or through OLA Money.
All liability with respect to the Services availed lies solely with the respective Service Provider.
OLA or the Service Provider shall not be liable for any indirect or speculative or consequential or penal damages, including, but not limited to, any loss of use, loss of data and loss of income or profits, irrespective of whether it had an advance notice of the possibility of any such damages. Notwithstanding anything contained in this General Offer Terms, the total liability of OLA and the Service Provider, shall not, in any circumstances, exceed the Rs. 1000/- (Rupees One Thousand only), irrespective of the nature of the claim which results in such liability and whether based on contract or tort or any other theory of law.
The Offer shall be subject to usual force majeure events.
OLA may at its sole discretion refuse, deny, discontinue, withdraw and terminate the Offer at any time during the Offer Period without assigning any reasons whatsoever and without any prior notice to You.
All disputes shall be settled amicably, on failure to do so within 30 (Thirty) days, such disputes shall be resolved by a sole arbitrator appointed by mutual agreement of the parties. The proceedings of the arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration Conciliation Act, 1996 and the seat of arbitration shall be Bengaluru, India. Subject to the aforesaid, these General Offer Terms read with the offer specific terms shall be governed by the laws of India and the courts in Bangalore, Karnataka shall have sole and exclusive jurisdiction.
Referral Program Terms & Conditions
These Ola’s Referral Program terms and conditions are in addition to the service-user terms and conditions. To participate in Ola’s Referral Program, you must agree to these terms, which become part of the service-user terms and conditions.

By availing the services offered by us, the Referrer and Referral Recipient consent to the Terms and Conditions provided herein, Referrer being the person whose Referral Code has been used to sign up and Referral Recipient being the person who signs up using a valid Referral Code. Customers/Customer include, whether individually or collectively, both the Referrer and the Referral Recipient.
Anyone who signs up using a valid Referral Code will get a Free Ride Coupon ("Referral Discount") worth the value of Ola’s Referral Program at the time of signup. These values may change if Ola’s Referral Program changes during the signup.
The Referral Discount will be provided to the Referrer upon completion of the first ride of the Referral Recipient. The value of the discount will be as per Ola’s Referral Program active at the time of referral recipient's signup using the Referral Code. However, it is clarified ANI Technologies Private Limited ("Ola") reserves the right of discretion with regard to issuance of Referral Discount so as to combat fraudulent transactions.
Ola’s Referral Program and Referral Discount are valid only on the Ola mobile application.
The Referral Discounts are applicable on Mini, Sedan and Prime categories only.
The Referral Discount on a Referral Code can be availed only once and only in the state or city prescribed by Ola. Creating multiple Customer’s accounts using multiple emails or signing in from multiple devices in order to unduly gain Referral Discount shall be considered to be in contravention of these terms & conditions.
The Referral Discount is applicable on the final chargeable amount only. The Referral Discount availed under Ola’s Referral Program shall not in any case exceed the total billable amount.
If your bill amount is less than the value of your Referral Discount, your Referral Discount will be fully used.
The Referral Discount under no circumstances will be settled or exchanged in cash or cash equivalents. However, Ola, at its sole discretion, may convert the value of your referral discount into any other form of credit, whatsoever, including but not limited to Ola Money credit.
The Referral Code and Referral Discount provided are non-transferable.
The Referral Discount shall be subject to force majeure events and on occurrence of such event(s), the Referral Discount may be withdrawn at the discretion of Ola.
The Referral Discount shall not be clubbed with any other program of Ola.
Ola reserves the right to discontinue the Referral Discount without assigning any reasons or without any prior intimation whatsoever to the Customers. In case of any dispute, Ola’s decision shall be binding on all Customers.
Ola reserves its absolute right at any time to add, alter, withdraw, modify or change or vary any or all the terms and conditions of Ola’s Referral Program at its sole discretion and the same shall be binding on the Customer at all times.
Ola does not make any warranties or representation of the quality, merchantability, suitability or availability of the products or services included in the Referral Discount.
Any taxes, cess, liabilities or charges payable to the Government or any other authority or body, if any, shall be borne directly by the Customer.
The participation is voluntary and any purchase or transaction on the Ola website or using Ola mobile application shall be deemed as acceptance of the Terms and Conditions mentioned herein.
Ola reserves the right to revoke the Referral Discount or suspend a Customer’s account at any time it is believed that the account is being misused or Ola’s Referral Program terms and conditions are being violated.
No refund, either in the form of coupons or Ola Money, will be issued for the Referral Discount.
Ola reserves the right to review and investigate all referral activities and to suspend accounts or revoke / remove Referral Discount and withhold features or benefits obtained through Ola’s Referral Program if Ola believes or determines that the use of a Referral Code or Referral Discount was in error, fraudulent, illegal, or in violation of the terms and conditions of Ola’s Referral Program.
Referral Code shall not be duplicated, sold or transferred in any manner, or made available to the general public (whether posted to a public forum or otherwise). Ola’s Referral Program is meant to reward our privileged and loyal customers as well as Ola fans and not meant for sharing the Referral Code on any communication medium be it print, digital or electronic, including but not limited to websites, or any means for any purpose whatsoever. Ola reserves the right to revoke the Referral Discount or suspend a Customer’s account at any time if such sharing of the Referral Code is in contravention of Ola Referral Program terms & conditions.
If any provision in these terms and conditions are held to be invalid, void or unenforceable, such provision will be struck and the same shall not affect the validity of and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to Ola’s Referral Program ("Dispute"), including claims seeking redress or asserting rights under the applicable law shall be amicably settled through mutual consultation and escalation at such offices of Ola as Ola may designate. If the Dispute is not settled amicably as aforesaid within a period of 15 (Fifteen) calendar days, the matter would be referred to arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. Arbitration shall be presided over by a sole arbitrator mutually appointed by Ola and the Customer. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in the English language. The venue for the arbitration proceedings shall be Bengaluru.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India and, subject to this clause 24, Ola and the Customer agree and undertake that any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these terms and conditions will be adjudicated exclusively before a competent court in Bengaluru, India only.
IN NO EVENT OUR TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF OLA REFERRAL PROGRAM SHALL EXCEED INR 1000/- (RUPEES ONE THOUSAND ONLY).

Privacy Policy for Customers
Your privacy matters to ANI Technologies Private Limited (the "Company", "we", "Ola", or "us"). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, process, use, share and protect information about you. It also tells you how you can access and update your information and make certain choices about how your information is used.

The Privacy Policy covers both "online" (e.g., web and mobile services, including any websites operated by us such as https://www.olacabs.com or Mobile Application, however accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise) and "offline" (e.g., collection of data through mailings, telephone, or in person) activities owned, operated, provided, or made available by the Company. Our "online" and "offline" activities, in relation to facilitation of taxi hire services through a network of third party drivers and taxi operators, are collectively referenced as the "Services". This Privacy Policy also applies to your use of interactive features or downloads that: (i) we own or control; (ii) are available through the Services; or (iii) interact with the Services and post or incorporate this Privacy Policy.

BY ACCEPTING THE CUSTOMER TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. Please review the following carefully so that you understand our privacy practices. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not accept the Customer Terms and Conditions or use our Services. This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the Customer Terms and Conditions.

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us through email address provided on our website and/ or Mobile Application.

DEFINITIONS
Unless otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the terms capitalized in the Privacy Policy shall have the meaning as provided hereunder:

"Co-branded Services" shall have the meaning assigned to the term in paragraph 4(c) hereto.
"Device" shall mean computer, mobile or other device used to access the Services.
"Device Identifier" shall mean IP address or other unique identifier for the Device.
"Mobile Application" shall mean application provided by us on the Device to access the Services.
"Mobile Device Information" shall have the meaning assigned to the term in paragraph 2(d)(ii) hereto.
"Promotion" shall mean any contest and other promotions offered by us.
"Protected Information"shall mean such categories of information that could reasonably be used to identify you personally, including your name, e-mail address, and mobile number.
"TFS" shall mean Serendipity InfoLabs Private Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act 1956, and having its corporate office at 3rd Floor, Salarpuria Tower 2, No. 32, Luskur Hosur Road, Next to Forum Mall, Bangalore- 560095 which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include all our successors, affiliates and permitted assigns.
"TPSP" shall mean a third party service provider.
"Usage Information" shall have the meaning assigned to the term in paragraph 2(b)(i) hereto.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US

We may ask you to provide us with certain Protected Information. We may collect this information through various means and in various places through the Services, including account registration forms, contact us forms, or when you otherwise interact with us. When you sign up to use the Services, you create a user profile. We shall ask you to provide only such Protected Information which is for lawful purpose connected with our Services and necessary to be collected by us for such purpose.

The current data fields that might be requested for are:

Email
Password
Name
Address
Mobile phone number
Zip code
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AS YOU ACCESS AND USE OUR SERVICES

In addition to any Protected Information or other information that you choose to submit to us, we and our TPSP may use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Services ("Usage Information"). This Usage Information may include the browser that you are using, the URL that referred you to our Services, all of the areas within our Services that you visit, and the time of day, among other information. In addition, we collect your Device Identifier for your Device. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the Services, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier.
In case of booking via call centre, Ola may record calls for quality and training purposes.
In addition, tracking information is collected as you navigate through our Services, including, but not limited to geographic areas. The driver’s mobile phone will send your GPS coordinates, during the ride, to our servers. Most GPS enabled mobile devices can define one’s location to within 50 feet.
Usage Information may be collected using a cookie. If you do not want information to be collected through the use of cookies, your browser allows you to deny or accept the use of cookies. Cookies can be disabled or controlled by setting a preference within your web browser or on your Device. If you choose to disable cookies or flash cookies on your Device, some features of the Services may not function properly or may not be able to customize the delivery of information to you. The Company cannot control the use of cookies (or the resulting information) by third parties, and use of third party cookies is not covered by our Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION THIRD PARTIES PROVIDE ABOUT YOU

We may, from time to time, supplement the information we collect about you through our website or Mobile Application or Services with outside records from third parties.
INFORMATION COLLECTED BY MOBILE APPLICATIONS

Our Services are primarily provided through the Mobile Application. We may collect and use technical data and related information, including but not limited to, technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other services to you (if any) related to such Mobile Applications.
When you use any of our Mobile Applications, the Mobile Application may automatically collect and store some or all of the following information from your mobile device ("Mobile Device Information"), in addition to the Device Information, including without limitation:
Your preferred language and country site (if applicable)
The manufacturer and model of your mobile device
Your mobile operating system
The type of mobile internet browsers you are using
Your geolocation
Information about how you interact with the Mobile Application and any of our web sites to which the Mobile Application links, such as how many times you use a specific part of the Mobile Application over a given time period, the amount of time you spend using the Mobile Application, how often you use the Mobile Application, actions you take in the Mobile Application and how you engage with the Mobile Application
Information to allow us to personalize the services and content available through the Mobile Application
USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
Our primary goal in collecting your information is to provide you with an enhanced experience when using the Services. We use your information to closely monitor which features of the Services are used most, to allow you to view your trip history, rate trips, and to determine which features we need to focus on improving, including usage patterns and geographic locations to determine where we should offer or focus services, features and/or resources.
Based upon the Protected Information you provide us when registering for an account, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password.
We use the information collected from our Mobile Application so that we are able to serve you the correct app version depending on your device type, for troubleshooting and in some cases, marketing purposes.
We use your Internet Protocol (IP) address to help diagnose problems with our computer server, and to administer our web site(s). Your IP address is used to help identify you, but contains no personal information about you.
We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our Services are temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.
We may use the information obtained from you to prevent, discover and investigate violations of this Privacy Policy or any applicable terms of service or terms of use for the Mobile Application, and to investigate fraud, chargeback or other matters.
We provide some of your Protected Information (such as your name, pick up address, contact number) to the driver who accepts your request for transportation so that the driver may contact and find you. The companies for which drivers work (that are providing the transportation service) are also able to access your Protected Information, including your geo-location data.
We also provide your information to the other users who shall be travelling with you in the vehicle assigned to you, should you choose any pooled vehicle feature of our Services.
We use that geo-location information for various purposes, including for you to be able to view the drivers in your area that are close to your location, for you to set your pick up location, for the drivers to identify the pick up location, to send you promotions and offers, and to allow you (if you choose through any features we may provide) to share this information with other people.
In addition, we may use your Protected Information or Usage Information that we collect about you: (1) to provide you with information or services or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive including to send you electronic newsletters, or to provide you with special offers or promotional materials on behalf of us or third parties; (2) to enable you to participate in a variety of the Services’ features such as online or mobile entry sweepstakes, contests or other promotions; (3) to contact you with regard to your use of the Services and, in our discretion, changes to the Services and/or the Services’ policies; (4) for internal business purposes; (5) for inclusion in our data analytics; and (6) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We may share the information collected from you with TFS if you choose to avail of any transportation services offered by TFS on the Mobile Application.
We may use the information collected from you for targeted advertising. This involves using information collected on an individual's web or mobile browsing behavior such as the pages they have visited or the searches they have made. This information is then used to select which advertisements should be displayed to a particular individual on websites other than our web site(s). The information collected is only linked to an anonymous cookie ID (alphanumeric number); it does not include any information that could be linked back to a particular person, such as their name, address or credit card number.
HOW AND WHEN DO WE DISCLOSE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We do not sell, share, rent or trade the information we have collected about you, other than as disclosed within this Privacy Policy or at the time you provide your information. Following are the situations when information may be shared:

WHEN YOU AGREE TO RECEIVE INFORMATION FROM THIRD PARTIES.

You may be presented with an opportunity to receive information and/or marketing offers directly from third parties. If you do agree to have your Protected Information shared, your Protected Information will be disclosed to such third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third parties and, therefore, you should review the privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to agreeing to receive such information from them. If you later decide that you no longer want to receive communication from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly.

THIRD PARTIES PROVIDING SERVICES ON OUR BEHALF

We use third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services, provide or perform certain aspects of the Services on our behalf – such as drivers and companies they work for to provide the Services, other third parties including TFS to host the Services, design and/or operate the Services’ features, track the Services’ analytics, process payments, engage in anti-fraud and security measures, provide customer support, provide geo-location information to our drivers, enable us to send you special offers, host our job application form, perform technical services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Services‘ features), or perform other administrative services. These third parties will have access to user information, including Protected Information to only carry out the services they are performing for you or for us. Each of these third parties including TFS are required to ensure the same level of data protection as us and are obligated not to disclose or use Protected Information for any other purpose.

Analytics TPSPs may set and access their own cookies, web beacons and embedded scripts on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, including non-personally identifiable information.

We use a third party hosting provider who hosts our support section of our website. Information collected within this section of our website by such third party is governed by our Privacy Policy.

CO-BRANDED SERVICES.

Certain aspects of the Services may be provided to you in association with third parties ("Co-Branded Services") such as sponsors and charities, and may require you to disclose Protected Information to them. Such Co-Branded Services will identify the third party. If you elect to register for products and/or services through the Co-Branded Services, you shall have deemed to consent to providing your information to both us and the third party. Further, if you sign-in to a Co-Branded Service with a username and password obtained through our Services, your Protected Information may be disclosed to the identified third parties for that Co-Branded Service and will be subject to their posted privacy policies.

CONTESTS AND PROMOTIONS

We may offer Promotions through the Services that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, allowing the sponsor of the Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, you agree that your Protected Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules, such as on a winners list.

ADMINISTRATIVE AND LEGAL REASONS

We cooperate with Government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. Thus, we may access, use, preserve, transfer and disclose your information (including Protected Information, IP address, Device Information or geo-location data), to Government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we reasonably determine is necessary and appropriate: (i) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, Governmental requests or legal process; (ii) to protect and/or defend the Terms and Conditions for online and mobile Services or other policies applicable to any online and mobile Services, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (iii) to protect the safety, rights, property or security of the Company, our Services or any third party; (iv) to protect the safety of the public for any reason; (v) to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; and /or (vi) to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, an illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity.

WHEN YOU SHARE INFORMATION

Protected Information may be collected and shared with third-parties if there is content from the Mobile Application that you specifically and knowingly upload to, share with or transmit to an email recipient, online community, website, or to the public, e.g. uploaded photos, posted reviews or comments, or information about you or your ride that you choose to share with others through features which may be provided on our Services. This uploaded, shared or transmitted content will also be subject to the privacy policy of the email, online community website, social media or other platform to which you upload, share or transmit the content.

BUSINESS TRANSFER

We may share your information, including your Protected Information and Usage Information with our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates for internal reasons. We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information: (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Services or applicable database; or (ii) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our membership interests and/or assets or other corporate change, including, during the course of any due diligence process.

THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SERVICES
The Services may contain content that is supplied by a third party, and those third parties may collect website usage information and your Device Identifier when web pages from any online or mobile Services are served to your browser. In addition, when you are using the Services, you may be directed to other sites or applications that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any of these third parties. For example, if you click on a banner advertisement, the click may take you away from one of our websites onto a different web site. These other web sites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit Protected Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. We encourage you to note when you leave our Services and to read the privacy statements of all third party web sites or applications before submitting any Protected Information to third parties.

SOCIAL MEDIA FEATURES AND WIDGETS
Our online and mobile Services may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, and widgets such as a "Share This" button, or interactive mini- programs that run on our online and mobile Services. These features may collect your IP address, photograph, which page you are visiting on our online or mobile Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our online Services. Your interactions with these features and widgets are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.

INFORMATION COLLECTED BY DRIVERS
This Privacy Policy shall not cover the usage of any information about you which is obtained by the driver or the company to which the driver belongs, while providing you a ride on a cab booked using the Services, or otherwise, which is not provided by us.

CHANGE OF INFORMATION AND CANCELLATION OF ACCOUNT
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact information provided as part of account registration. If your Protected Information changes, or if you no longer desire our Services, you may correct, delete inaccuracies, or amend information by making the change on our member information page or by contacting us through through email address mentioned on our website or Mobile Application. We will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable.
You may also cancel or modify your communications that you have elected to receive from the Services by following the instructions contained within an e-mail or by logging into your user account and changing your communication preferences.
If upon modifying or changing the information earlier provided to Us, we find it difficult to permit access to our Services to you due to insufficiency/ inaccuracy of the information, we may, in our sole discretion terminate your access to the Services by providing you a written notice to this effect on your registered email id.
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us through through email address mentioned on the trip bill received. We will retain your Protected Information and Usage Information (including geo-location) for as long as your account with the Services is active and as needed to provide you services. Even after your account is terminated, we will retain your Protected Information and Usage Information (including geo-location, trip history, and transaction history) as needed to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, conclude any activities related to cancellation of an account, investigate or prevent fraud and other inappropriate activity, to enforce our agreements, and for other business reason. After a period of time, your data may be anonymized and aggregated, and then may be held by us as long as necessary for us to provide our Services effectively, but our use of the anonymized data will be solely for analytic purposes.
SECURITY
The Protected Information and Usage Information we collect is securely stored within our databases, and we use standard, industry-wide, commercially reasonable security practices such as encryption, firewalls and SSL (Secure Socket Layers) for protecting your information. However, as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet or wireless communication, and any information you transmit to the Company you do at your own risk. We recommend that you not disclose your password to anyone.

GRIEVANCE OFFICER
Ola hereby appoints Ola Support Manager as the grievance officer for the purposes of the rules drafted under the Information Technology Act, 2000, who may be contacted at support@olacabs.com. You may address any grievances you may have in respect of this privacy policy or usage of your Protected Information or other data to him.

CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Services prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
