Terms & Conditions of use
This website www.oyorooms.com ("Website") and its mobile application ("Application") are owned and operated by Oravel Stays Private Limited ("OYO Rooms" or “OYO”), a company incorporated under the laws of India, having its registered place of business at Delhi Rectangle Regus, Level 4, Rectangle 1, Commercial Complex D-4, Saket, New Delhi - 11017, India and its corporate office at 9th Floor, Spaze Palazo Building ,Southern Peripheral Road, Sector 69 – Gurgaon 122001 ,India, which enables the user of the Website to connect with independent third party hotel owners ("Channel Partner") offering renting of various guest houses/ hotels/ accommodations listed on the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners ("Services").

Your use of the Website and/or Application is an acknowledgment that you have reviewed the Terms and Conditions, agree to comply with and be legally bound thereby. These terms and conditions govern your access to and use of the Website and/or Application and the Services. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you must refrain from using the Website and/or Application and Services. OYO reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time in accordance with this provision. If we make changes to these Terms, we will post the revised Terms on the OYO Platform.

By using this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners you hereby acknowledge and agree that OYO is not a hotel/guest house owner and has no control over the conduct or behaviour of the Channel Partner or the quality, fitness or the suitability of the services provided by Channel Partner. OYO disclaims any and all liabilities in this regard.
1. GUEST MEMBERSHIP
Membership on the Website/Application is free.

If you are not agreeable to all the Usage Terms in their entirety, you must not use this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners and should exit/logout immediately. Your use of the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners implies that you agree with the Usage Terms in their entirety. You agree, acknowledge and recognize that the contract of Service is made in India, is governed exclusively by laws of India and is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Delhi to the exclusion of all other courts.

You hereby represent and warrant that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age or above and are capable of entering, performing and adhering to these Usage Terms and that you agree to be bound by these Usage Terms. While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize/browse the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners, they shall do so only with the involvement, guidance and supervision of their parents and / or legal guardians, under such Parent /Legal guardian’s registered account.

The User agrees and acknowledges that this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners can be used only by individuals who are of legal age (at least 18 (eighteen) years of age) to form a binding contract under the laws as applicable in India. OYO reserves the right to terminate User’s access to and refuse to provide User with access to the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners if OYO discovers that User is under the age of 18 years. Furthermore OYO has the right at its sole discretion to refuse to provide access to or terminate the access of any person(s) whatsoever with or without notice.

OYO provides Services on the Website/Application subject to complete adherence to the Usage Terms by the User. By accessing, viewing, or using this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners, You acknowledge, declare, confirm and represent & warrant to OYO that you have read and understood the Usage Terms and accept them as an agreement as the binding legal contract equivalent of a duly signed contract binding on You. This agreement is effective immediately upon your accessing, viewing, or using this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners. You are advised to regularly check for any amendments or updates to the Usage Terms mentioned herein from time to time. OYO may add to or change, update these Usage Terms from time to time entirely at its sole discretion. Your use of the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners and any amendment to the Usage Terms shall constitute your acceptance of these Usage Terms and You agree to be bound by any such changes/revisions/amendments. Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners shall not be obliged to notify You, irrespective of the fact that You are registered or not, of any modifications made to the Usage Terms. Your access to the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners for purchasing the Services or for mere browsing is subject to the most current version of the Usage Terms appearing on the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners at the time of such use.

2. WEBSITE/APPLICATION
The Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners is a Technology Platform where Users may meet and interact with Channel Partner for their transactions. Channel Partner’s list their guest houses, hotels and other lodgings ("Accommodations") on the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners and User reserves the Accommodation at the prices specified by the Channel partner on the Website/Application. OYO hereby clarifies and the User agrees and understands that OYO is not the owner of the Accommodations and will not be liable for any services or lack of them at the Accommodations booked by the User. It is hereby further clarified that OYO and Channel Partners are separate and independent entities and OYO does not work as representative or agent of the Channel Partner. By making a reservation/booking at the listed Accommodations the User enters into commercial/ contractual terms as offered by and agreed to between Channel Partner and the User alone.

OYO shall not be responsible and shall not be required to mediate or resolve any dispute or disagreement between User and Channel Partner. In no event, shall OYO be made a party to dispute between User(s) and Channel Partner(s).

This website uses Mouseflow, a third-party analytics tool, to track page content and click/touch, movement, scroll, and keystroke activity. You can opt-out at http://mouseflow.com/opt-out.

3. RESERVATION/ BOOKING OF SERVICES
The process of booking Services from this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners may require you to disclose your personal and confidential information. To prevent any possibility of unauthorized access to your confidential information such as name, address etc., you shall not use/access this site from unsecure computers, unsecure communication links, unsecure mobile phones or locations such as Internet-Cafe(s), Cyber-Cafe(s) and other commercially available internet enabled computers or computer services.

That relying on declarations, confirmations, information and obligations made/undertaken by the User in accordance with Usage Terms, and believing the same to be true and acting on the faith thereof, OYO has agreed to provide the Services to the User as per the Usage Terms mentioned herein. In particular, the User does hereby agree, promise, declare, confirm, covenant, undertake and represent & warrant to OYO:

(a) the User is not under any legal or other deficiency which prevents/may prevent the User from: (i) entering into a valid contract under the applicable laws; and (ii) making valid payment to OYO for Services ordered by the User.

(b) In the event of detecting any suspicious activity from User’s account, OYO reserves the right to cancel all pending and future orders owing to any such incident without any liability to the User.

(c) In a credit card transaction; User must use your own credit card for which User has full right & authority to validly use such Credit Card for making payment to OYO. OYO shall not be liable for any credit card fraud. The liability to use a card fraudulently will be on the User and the onus to 'prove otherwise' shall be exclusively on User.

(d) While using the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners User shall at all times strictly comply with the payment procedure and the Usage Terms in their entirety.

(e) Your use of the Services shall be deemed that you are fully satisfied with the description, look and design of the accommodation and usage fee of the Accommodation as has been displayed on OYO's Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners.

The User agrees and acknowledges that in the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners all Services are offered only at the sole discretion of OYO.

4. USE OF THE WEBSITE/ MOBILE APPLICATION/ CALL CENTER/ PARTNERS
The User agrees, acknowledges, confirms and undertakes that the registration data, information/data provided or uploaded onto the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners by the User: (a) shall not be false, inaccurate, misleading or incomplete; or (b) shall not be fraudulent or involve the use of counterfeit or stolen Credit Cards; or (c) shall not infringe any third party's intellectual property, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; or (d) shall not be defamatory, libellous, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing; or (f) shall not contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, easter eggs or other computer programming routines or executable files that may damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information of any person whatsoever; or (g) shall not create liability for OYO or cause OYO to lose (in whole or in part) the services of OYO’s ISPs or other service providers/suppliers. If the User contravenes the foregoing or OYO has reasonable grounds to suspect that the User has contravened the foregoing, OYO has the right to indefinitely deny or terminate User's access to the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners and to refuse to honour the User's request(s).

The User hereby assumes the sole risk of booking or making use or relying on the information relating to the Services available on this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners. OYO does not promote any Accommodation listed on the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners. It is User’s responsibility to check the details of the Accommodations listed on the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners at its sole discretion.

OYO has endeavoured to provide the most accurate, up-to-date information on this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners. However, the information, materials, Services available on this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners may inadvertently include inaccuracies, typographical errors, or outdated information. OYO is not responsible for and shall not be bound to honour typographical or pricing errors on this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners. OYO reserves the right to refuse or cancel orders at any time, including but not limited to the following orders that contain incorrect prices or product descriptions, orders in which OYO believes the User has violated applicable laws or Usage Terms, orders that OYO believes are harmful to OYO or orders that OYO believes are fraudulent or based on illegal, fraudulent or deceitful use/furnishing of information or based on false information. OYO neither warrants nor makes any representations regarding the quality, accuracy or completeness of any data, information, product or service. OYO expressly disclaims any warranties and conditions whether express or implied about their accuracy, completeness, correctness, suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, quality, continuity, performance, error free or uninterrupted operation/functioning, fitness for a particular purpose, workmanlike effort, non-infringement, lack of viruses or other harmful components. OYO shall not be responsible for the delay or inability to use the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners or related functionalities, the provision of or failure to provide functionalities, or for any information, software, Services, functionalities and related graphics obtained through the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners, or otherwise arising out of the use of the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise. Further, OYO shall not be held responsible for non-availability of the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners during periodic maintenance operations or any unplanned suspension of access to the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners that may occur due to technical reasons or for any reason beyond OYO’s control. The User understands and agrees that any material or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners is done entirely at their own discretion and risk and they will be solely responsible for any damage to their computer systems or loss of data that results from the download of such material or data. OYO accepts no liability for any errors or omissions, with respect to any information provided to the User.

5. ACCOUNT AND REGISTRATION
OYO makes the Services available to You through the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners only if You have provided OYO certain required User information and created an account ("Account") through OYO ID and password or other log-in ID and password (collectively, the "Account Information"). The Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners requires You to register as a User by creating an Account in order to utilise the Services provided by the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners. You will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Account Information, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under Your Account. You agree to (a) immediately notify OYO of any unauthorized use of its Account Information or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that You exit/log out from the account at the end of each session. OYO cannot and shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising from Your failure to comply with this clause. You may be held liable for losses incurred by OYO or any other customer or visitor to the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners due to authorized or unauthorized use of Your account as a result of Your failure in keeping its Account Information secure and confidential.

OYO also allows restricted access to the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners for unregistered users. At the time of registration, You shall ensure that the Account Information provided by You in the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners's registration form is complete, accurate and up-to-date. Use of another user’s account information is expressly prohibited.

When You use the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners, You agree and understand that You are communicating with OYO through electronic records and You consent to receive communications via electronic records from OYO periodically and as and when required. OYO may communicate with you by email or by such other mode of communication, electronic or otherwise. You specifically agree that OYO shall not be responsible for unauthorized access to or alteration of Your transmissions or data, any material or data sent or received or not sent or received. Further, OYO will make best efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of Your personally identifiable information available with it, but transmissions made by means of the internet cannot be guaranteed or made absolutely secure. By using this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners, You agree that OYO shall not be liable for disclosure of Your information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties. Without prejudice to the foregoing You agree that OYO shall not be held liable or responsible for 'phishing attacks' on You. User agrees that User shall not use/access this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners from unsecure computers, unsecure communication links, unsecure mobile phones. You may accept or decline the cookies when You accesses OYO’s Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners. It is the User’s responsibility to set his browser to alert him to accept or to reject cookies.

The User agrees, acknowledges and confirms that before placing any order, the User shall check the Service description and price carefully and by placing an order for a Service You agree to be bound by the Usage Terms and conditions of sale included in the Services’ description. You shall only place the order after fully satisfying yourself with the price, description, look as has been displayed on OYO Website/Application.

OYO shall not be responsible unsatisfactory or delayed performance of services or damages or delays as a result of Channel Partner’s act’s or omissions.

OYO reserves the right to make, at its sole discretion, any modifications or changes whatsoever to the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners or the information, listings and services described on the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners at any time. Such modifications or changes shall be effective immediately when they are made.

6. PAYMENT AND USAGE FEE
User hereby agree and understand that he will have to pay the usage fee as mentioned on the Website/Application for the concerned Accommodation via the payment mode provided on the Website/Application post which User’s requested reservation will be confirmed. Once the reservation has been confirmed, OYO will debit the usage fee from the payment mode selected by the User. The User agrees and acknowledges that the payment procedure may call for and require additional verification of or information from the User and the User undertakes to provide complete, correct and proper information.

OYO uses third party payment providers to receive payments from User. OYO is not responsible for delays or erroneous transaction execution or cancellation of reservation due to payment issues. OYO takes utmost care to work with third party payment providers, but does not control their systems, processes, technology and work flows, hence cannot be held responsible for any fault at the end of payment providers.

7. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS
User and OYO shall comply with all the applicable laws applicable to them respectively for using payment facility and the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners.

8. WARRANTY
The Services are provided by OYO on an "as is" basis without warranty of any kind, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including the implied warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Without limiting the foregoing, OYO makes no warranty that (i) the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners or the Services will meet your requirements or Your use of the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners or will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free; (ii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners, or Services will be effective, accurate or reliable; (iii) the quality of the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners, or Services will meet your expectations; or that (iv) any errors or defects in the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners or Services will be corrected. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from OYO or through or from use of the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the terms of use.

OYO shall have no liability to the User for any interruption or delay, to access the Website/Application irrespective of the cause.

9. INDEMNIFICATION
Without prejudice to and in addition to any other remedies, reliefs or legal recourses available to OYO herein or any applicable laws or otherwise, User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold OYO harmless including but not limited to its affiliate, agents and employees from and against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages, demands, costs and expenses (including legal fees and disbursements in connection therewith and interest chargeable thereon) asserted against or incurred by OYO that arise out of or related to your use or misuse of the of the Website, any violation by you of these terms and conditions, or any breach of representations, warranties and covenants made by you herein.

10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
OYO shall not be liable for any damages of any kind whatsoever including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, exemplary and consequential damages, damages for loss of use, data or profits, or other intangible losses, which may arise or are arising from the use of this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners or any of the information, software, services and related graphics contained within the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners or any of the Services offered, regardless of whether such damages are based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, and even if OYO has been advised of the possibility of damages.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN OR ELSEWHERE, OYO'S ENTIRE LIABILITY TO THE USER FOR ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF PURCHASING / BROWING THE Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT EQUIVALENT TO THE PRICE PAID FOR THE PRODUCT AND SERVICES GIVING RISE TO SUCH CLAIM.

OYO Guests are requested to kindly take due care of all their personal valuables and belongings. OYO management and its employees shall NOT be responsible for ?any loss, theft or damage to the Guests' personal valuables and belongings.

11. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The User agrees that any feedback, comments, ideas, suggestions, information, or any other content which User contributes to OYO or this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners (including the name you submit with any content) will be deemed to include a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license for OYO to adopt, publish, reproduce, disseminate, transmit, distribute, copy, use, create derivative works from, display worldwide, or act on such content--without additional approval or consideration--in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content, and you waive any claim to the contrary. The User represents and warrants that User owns or otherwise controls all of the rights to the content that he/she may contribute to this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners and that use of his/her content by OYO shall not infringe upon or violate the rights of any third party. OYO, its mark and logo are trademarks of Oravel Stays Private Limited. You understand and agree not to display or use these trademarks in any manner whatsoever.

As a pre-condition of use of this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners, User warrants to OYO that User shall not use this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners for any purpose that is unlawful, unauthorized, or inconsistent with Usage Terms, and the User agrees that this license to use OYO Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners will terminate immediately upon User's violation of this warranty. OYO reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to block/terminate User's access to this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners and its content at any time, with or without notice. All content on this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners, including text, graphics, images, and logos, is the property of OYO or its content suppliers and is protected by domestic and international copyright laws and regulations. OYO reserves the right to protect its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent under the applicable law.

12. JURISDICTION
This Agreement, and all transactions entered into on or through Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners shall be interpreted, construed and governed by the laws of India which shall be applicable to this Agreement without regard to principles of conflict of laws. User agrees that all claims, differences and disputes arising under or in connection with or in relation hereto the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners, the Usage Terms or any transactions entered into on or through the Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners or the relationship between User and OYO shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at New Delhi, India and User hereby accede to and accept the jurisdiction of such courts.

Any failure, delay or forbearance on the part of OYO in: (i) exercising any right, power or privilege under this Agreement; or (ii) enforcing terms of this Agreement, shall not operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise by OYO of any right, power or privilege preclude any other future exercise or enforcement thereof.

The Parties hereto agree that each of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall be severable, and the unenforceability of one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the enforceability of any other provision(s) or of the remainder of this Agreement.

13. THIRD PARTY LINKS
This Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners may at OYO sole discretion, contain links to sites owned and maintained by persons or entities other than OYO. OYO may also provide links to the other sites for purpose of enabling the Customer to make payment to OYO. Any of the foregoing links do not constitute an endorsement by OYO of any such sites and are provided only as a convenience. OYO is not responsible for the content or links displayed on such sites. OYO is not responsible for the privacy practices of such sites which OYO does not own, manage or control. OYO does not regularly review, and makes no warranty or representation regarding materials posted, or Services or services offered, on the sites to which this Website/ Mobile Application/ Call Center/ Partners may be linked and OYO shall not be responsible for any deficiency thereof. OYO does not endorse any or all of the materials, Services, and services available on such linked sites, and OYO expressly disclaims responsibility for the contents of any linked site, the accuracy of any information contained in a linked site, and the quality of the Services and services offered at any linked site. Any decision to view the contents of any linked site is solely the responsibility of Customer and is made at Customer's own risk.