Welcome on QWANT!

The purpose of the present Terms and Conditions (hereafter ‘Terms’) is to define the terms and conditions under which you can use our products and services.

QWANT’s main activity is to provide a free-to-use, dynamic, updated search engine accessible through its website https://www.qwant.com and to some accessory sub-domains such as https://lite.qwant.com, or through its mobile application (hereafter ‘Services’).

You recognize that you have the necessary competence and means to access these Services and to use them. The use of our Services imply your approval of the present terms. We reserve the right to modify the terms at any time so they can fit the evolutions of the services of QWANT and/or their operation. You will be informed, by email and/or by any other appropriate means on the affected Services, of all substantial changes to the Terms, prior to their entry into force.

Note: the present document is a good faith translation of the official and enforceable terms which are written in French. The French version will prevail in case the two versions differ.
Accessibility of Services

You are informed that the Services are operational 24 hours a day and 7 days a week, and you recognize that this accessibility may however be interrupted in case of force majeure or technical difficulties. We shall not be held responsible for network or servers dysfunctions of any other event that is out of our control, which would impede or degrade access to our Services. We reserve the right to interrupt, suspend momentarily or modify without prior notice access to all or parts of the Services, in order to maintain or control them, or to do tests. Such interruption, suspension or modification can not be entitled to obligations or compensations. We will do our best to inform you beforehand. You agree not to use the Services in an inappropriate way (for instance, by unlawfully accessing the Services, servers, computers or databases attached to the Services, by launching saturating attacks or by planting malicious or harmful material…), under penalty of prosecution. We reserve the right to deny access to the Services to any user who does not respect the present Terms.
About the use of software

Some of our Services may require the use of downloadable software (such as our mobile app or various browser extensions). QWANT grants you, for free, a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive worldwide license, to use the software delivered as part of our Services. This license is exclusively meant to use and benefit from our Services in accordance with the present Terms, excluding any right to copy, modify, distribute, sell, rent all or part of the software. It is the same with decompilation or source code extraction rights, except in cases where decompilation is authorized by law and within the boundaries of such law.
Information made available through the services

Information provided on the Services have only informational purpose. We make our best efforts to ensure that the real-time updated information displayed on our services be as accurate as possible. However we can not guarantee that the results and the gathered information are free of any mistake or any defect, nor can we guarantee the completeness, up-to-dateness, precision, exhaustiveness, or absence of modification by a third party

Therefore, we decline all responsibility, of any nature:

    in case of inaccuracy, lack of update, error or omissions in information available through the Services;
    for the absence of availability of information;
    for any damage, direct and/or indirect, whichever are the causes, origins, nature or consequences, induced by the access by anyone to the Services of by the impossibility to access them;
    for the use of the Services and/or for the credit granted to any information obtained directly or indirectly from the Services.
    for decisions based on information obtained through the Services, and for the use that may be done by third parties;
    in case of inadequacies between the provided information, the offered Services, and your needs

Non commercial links

We offer hypertext links to other websites or other sources of information published or managed by third parties, in order to improve the relevance of your browsing. Given that we can not exert control over external sources contents, you agree that we do not bear any responsibility relative to the provision of these resources, to their content, to possible collections and transmissions of personal data, cookies planting or any other similar processes done by those sites.
Ad links

Advertising links can be offered in some of the Services offered by QWANT.

These links, marked with the “Ad” label, are messages of advertising nature that come from advertisers and are displayed for a fee. Clicking those links only lead to the target websites. We decline any responsibility regarding obligations relative to the contractual relationships that may arise from them. Every advertiser has the duty to respect regulatory and legal obligations that apply to it

If you want to be indexed in QWANT Shopping, you can send an e-mail to shopping@qwant.com.
Pluridisciplinary activities

QWANT also offers specialized distinct services, such as a search engine for children and educators available at https://www.qwantjunior.com and https://edu.qwantjunior.com. An aggregation and contents publication service is also available at https://boards.qwant.com.

You agree that terms specific to each service may appear in special conditions for the respective services.
Partnerships directly linked to affected Services

In accordance with French law (article L111-7 du code de la consommation), we inform you that partnerships directly linked to one or several of the Services are in effect. When they may influence the ranking or indexing of contents, goods or services offered or put online, the user is informed on the affected page.
Intellectual property

All rights reserved, QWANT® is a trademark registered by the QWANT company. Any total or partial reproduction of this trademark and its logo, for any reason, including commercial purposes, without prior and written approval by QWANT, is forbidden under penalty of prosecution.

The Services as well as the elements that compose them or that are accessible from these Services (other than your content, images, pictures, texts accessible via hyperlinks, content of other users), such as texts, images, software, databases, tabs, features, are an exclusive property of QWANT and are protected by intellectual property rights.

The various texts, images, photographs, visual interfaces, graphics, trademarks, logos, sounds, music previews, illustrations and videos, accessible through the Services via hyperlinks, can be objects of specific intellectual property. We shall not be held responsible of any attack, damage, loss, harm, counterfeiting and unfair competition action based on the use of our Services, nor of any illicit use of our Services, fraudulent use or attempts to bypass technical protection measures.
Reporting content

QWANT is a mere technical intermediary that allows you to access content available on the Internet. When requesting that a content be delisted on QWANT, if you obtain a positive answer from our side, we remind you that this content can still be available and accessible via other search engines or by typing the webpage URL in the address bar of your web browser. It is your responsibility to contact the publisher and/or hosting provider of said webpages in order to ask for a definitive withdrawal of the content. For the most serious offensives, you can report them to your local enforcement authorities.

In accordance with current applicable French law, you may report to us certain categories of content

(such as apology for crimes against humanity, provocation or apology for the commission of acts of terrorism, incitement to racial hatred, against persons on account of their gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability, child pornography, incitement to violence, attacks on human dignity). You can contact us at legal@qwant.com with details (also read our FAQ entry).

In any other situation, please send a mail to the following address : QWANT – Service juridique, Signalement de contenus illicites, 16 avenue Thiers 06000 NICE, respecting the formal requirements of article 6-1-5 of the Loi pour la confiance dans l’économie numérique.
Qwant account

If you have created a user account, you bear the sole responsibility for information that you fill in when registering or when modifying your account. We do not access your profile and deny any responsibility regarding its content. You agree to taking all necessary measures to preserve the confidentiality of your password. You can read some advice on how to manage your password security on this page.

You can delete your account any time from your profile by clicking the link that says « Remove my qwant.com account ». Any data associated with your account will be removed 7 days after the removal request. Meanwhile, you can reactivate your account using your previous user ID and password.

If you want to keep your data and content, you will bear the responsibility to organize their transfer prior to the deletion of your account.
Privacy

QWANT’s policy for respecting the privacy of its users elevates to a very high requirements level. Our commitments for protecting your personal data can be read here. In general, QWANT does not collect personal data from the typical use of its Services.

Processing of information requests as well as the registration of certain Services may however require that users communicate some personal data such as their name, first name, contact info and e-mail address. This data is collected and processed by QWANT in accordance with French law (loi n° 78-17 du 6 janvier 1978 relative à l’informatique, aux fichiers et aux libertés modifiée), for the following purposes:

    Technical management of the account(s) of the user and of the available Services;
    Management of information requests and job applications;
    Management of delisting requests and requests associated with the right to access, rectify and delete personal data;
    The security of QWANT’s information system;
    Respecting our legal and regulatory obligations.

You have a right to object data processing, a right to access, rectify, or suppress personal data. You also have a right to define instructions that allow access to your data in case of death (the official application rules for this right are currently pending). Requests regarding these rights and delisting right can be exercised:

    By sending a postal mail to QWANT – Service juridique, 16 avenue Thiers 06000 NICE ;
    Or by sending an electronic mail to privacy@qwant.com.

Personal data that you communicate are stored for a period that is strictly necessary for the purposes listed above. They are not disclosed and/or ceased to third parties, with respect with regulatory and legal obligations that are applicable to search engines. We commit to setting every necessary means to guarantee the security and confidentiality of the transmitted data.
Cookies and other tracking devices

We don’t use any cookie or any other ads tracking device (pixel, fingerprinting…) when browsing our Services.

The only technology that may be installed on your computer, called « local storage », is used to save your browsing preferences (language, activation or deactivation of trends settings, adult content filtering and « favicon »).

You can remove the data from the “local storage” by deactivating cookies thanks to the settings of your browser. However, this deactivation may prevent you from accessing some features of the Services, such as saving your browsing preferences.
 Dispute resolution

In case we have a disagreement regarding the use of our Services, you can send a mail with your claims to the following address: QWANT – Service juridique, 16 avenue Thiers 06000 NICE.

In case you are not satisfied with our answer or if you don’t receive an answer, you can appeal, within one year following your written claim, to the Médicys mediation center, either by postal way (73 boulevard de Clichy 75009 Paris), or online at the www.medicys.fr platform, in order to resolve such dispute.

This mediation phase shall not exceed 90 days from the date of the acknowledgement of receipt of the referral of the mediator. During the mediation period, the parties agree not to initiate legal proceedings against one another regarding the current terms and conditions. After the mediation time limit, in case no agreement could be found, the parties will retrieve any right to act in justice.

Your appeal to the mediator is free, confidential and optional. We bear all the costs of such mediation.
Applicable law and jurisdiction

The Services and their Terms are governed by French law, wherever originates the use of the Services. If friendly solutions can’t be found or are not sought, French courts within the competence of the Cour d’appel de Paris are the only courts competent to know of any litigation arose from the current Terms.
